+++
title = "Optimising to the Nanosecond - Optiver Talk"
date = "2020-03-04T13:00:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/events/optimising-nanosecond-optiver-talk/"    
end = "2020-03-04T14:00:00Z"
location = "L4, Science Concourse"
+++

Are you interested in learning how to write the fastest and best performing code possible? Are you ready to dive into assembly, cache internals and squeeze the last nanosecond out of your code? If so, then join our low-latency lecture on code optimisation\!

During this lecture one of Optiver’s engineers will demonstrate some of the profiling and micro-benchmarking techniques used when developing low-latency code. Through concrete code examples, we will share some of the performance tips and tricks attained from our vast experience in writing fast, maintainable and modern C++ code. We will look into assembly generated by the compiler to understand how seemingly small code changes affect the work a processor needs to do.

Whether you write games, mobile applications or trading software, these techniques will help you to write faster and more efficient code\!

### About Optiver:

Optiver is a leading trading firm driven by technology with over 1000 employees world-wide. Our systems play an essential role in everything we do in trading. That is why our Technology and Trading teams work closely together to explore ideas and set the new directions. We build and maintain an outstanding suite of high performing, high reliability and low-latency systems and algorithms that are constantly evolving. With 12 datacenters and thousands of servers, we run ten thousand trading components executing hundreds of thousands of trades every day, responding to changes in microseconds. If you are interested in joining our technology team in Amsterdam of over 150 people from 40 countries, check-out our career opportunities page.  

Their website can be found at [https://www.optiver.com/eu/en/](https://www.optiver.com/eu/en/?fbclid=IwAR0gsL4F9fpVTXkqQg-hAAabAqRX56wnsl9YtSR61mmRDd3MgkrbNIf-3OE)

