+++
title = "Minutes 1-11-2012"
date = "2012-10-04"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1-11-2012-1474488915331/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

James, zed0, ruth, goshawk, demo, olly, moltenfire.

## Minutes

### Fresher’s fair

  - Zed0’s custom trackmania track will be used at the fair on Moltenfire’s laptop. Top three times will receive a prize this Friday.
  - Ruth will request use of the department’s trolley to transport our equipment to the fair.

### Laser quest social

  - Zed0 has booked laser quest in Coventry for Wednesday of week 3; with a planned meetup on campus and joint bus ride to the event.

### Programming competition

  - We have decided to move the prizegiving for the bomberman programming competition to Tuesday to avoid clashes. The new time is 6pm week 2.
  - All prizes have arrived and are ready for the competition.
  - Action zed0 to organize judging of the competition.

### Shell talk

  - James has agreed to give a shell talk for new members who want to use our services. Action James to organize a time for the talk.

### Barcraft

  - We are planning a barcraft for the first term, but the specific event is still undecided.
  - Event will probably take place on a Sunday, as the finals of all European events take place then despite problems with the Duck shutting earlier.
  - Action: decide on an event next exec meeting so zed0 can book the Duck asap.

### Future programming competitions:

  - The idea of a one day programming competition was the most popular, with a set time limit for the tasks.
  - The idea of a golf course was popular, but also problematic. Suggested that it was added as an extra to the other (3?) problems.

### Christmas meal

  - Wing-Wah’s will be booked for week 10. Monday night was a popular suggestion so it is after the end of term LAN.

### Friday night gaming sessions in DCS

  - Consoles will be brought in by members to help with possible demand.
  - Idea to set up special Minecraft maps was popular (hunger games, deathmatch).
