+++
title = "Minutes - 13th May 2013"
date = "2013-05-13"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-13th-may-2013-1474488916306/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: zed0, james, argha, olibacon, hir142, dDirtus, ruth, Veltas, Murtag

# Academic

  - Ruth has found the SIBE hackathon to be completely fair for the programmers involved.
  - Code will be used for open source not-for-profit reasons.
  - It seems the organisers are hoping a campaign organisation will take it over.

# Gaming

## Recent LAN

### Tournaments

  - Murtag felt the tournaments at the recent LAN were reasonable.
  - zed0: SC2 tournament could have started earlier.
  - zed0: Should utilise a mic or something to control the events so everyone’s informed throughout.
  - Veltas: Not enough preparation for CS:S tournament, was lots of fun but a little inconclusive.

### Bins

  - Ruth: We need to maintain the bin throughout the LAN.
  - If it’s full, take it out. There are bin bags provided.
  - dDirtus: Suggests recycling.
  - Veltas: Should definitely arrange recycling for BFL, most rubbish in LANs is recyclable.
  - It was suggested there was a bucket for left-over drink.
  - zed0: Punishment for unplugging LAN is now drinking from the bucket.

## Upcoming tournament prizes

  - Upcoming tournament prizes were discussed.
  - zed0: Not memory sticks, most people don’t need or want a 1GB memory stick.
  - T-shirts, mugs, mouse mats suggested.
  - Shirt sizes are hard to get right.
  - Mugs should be exclusive prizes for gaming.
  - dDirtus: Foam mug should be exclusive prize for DoTA.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag to research drum peddles for Guitar Hero etc..
  - Considering getting a double bass.

## BFL Sponsor

  - It has now been repeatedly suggested that BFL should be somehow sponsored.
  - There are a few local game companies that should be considered first.

# Tech

**ACTION**: Argha to buy new Dijkstra stuff.  
**ACTION**: james to do inventory.

  - james: Loads of spare HDDs in there.
  - Most of Dijkstra is anime music.
  - Argha: Server now has SSL certificates now.

## Boar website

  - The boar would like us to host their website.
  - They have said that we may not be able to meet their requirements with our usual service for society websites.
  - Conclusion was to ask them specifically what they wanted, we’d likely be able to meet their requirements anyway, or they don’t need what they ask for.  
    **ACTION**: james to reply to their email.

# Socials

**ACTION**: olibacon to book football field at the start of June.
