+++
title = "Minutes - 26th April 2013"
date = "2013-04-25T23:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-26th-april-2013-1474488916006/"
+++

# Present:

ruth, Murtag, Veltas, runite, Moltenfire, zed0

# Minutes:

## Academic

  - Looking at two prog comps later on in the term.
  - Internet programming competition probably week 7.
  - Google funded programming competition week 8 or 9.
  - Veltas mentioned possibility of arranging an academic trip (for next academic year).
  - Suggestions to organise sooner rather than later, with computing museum at Bletchley Park.  
    **ACTION**: Veltas to ask “FIRST DAY OF TERM 1 IN AND AMONGST FRESHERS” about minibus driving course.
  - Ruth can’t make it to next year’s Fresher’s Fair.
  - The more the merrier, if you can.

## Gaming

  - Discussion had about what consoles to get.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to buy opportune £60 PS3.
  - May also come with more offers of PS3 games that could be good to get.
  - Suggested games to look into: CoD (which one yet to be decided).
  - Also decided to buy a (roughly £300) Wii U.
  - Murtag made very good point that it’s something to attract freshers (at Fresher’s Fair) as most people do not own or know anyone that owns a Wii U.
  - suggested Mario Party (9?) for Wii.
  - Murtag suggested Soul Calibur V as we already play it enough.
  - Need a couple more Wiimotes.  
    **ACTION**: buy Wii U and stuff.
  - Murtag later stated he’d be buying games for Wii U.
  - Zed0 reminds: need to sort out boxes / cupboards before BFL.
  - Should be done with james and argha.

### Response to Murtag’s Gaming Survey

  - Overall, turns out people like games.
  - Some said that they felt gaming was just “Dota & Smash Bros.”.
  - As for what console was preferred, survey suggested slight inclination to PS3.

### Upcoming LAN Party

  - LAN to be held week 2’s weekend.
  - Murtag to run some tournies during LAN.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag to buy some posters to advertise this.

### Tournaments

  - Murtag: There are to be tournaments every week, and at LANs.
  - Prizes every week as an idea.
  - zed0: “Give out branded compsoc stuff?”
  - Full list of tournaments on \#exec, to be mirrored in newsletter.

### iSeries / Eurogamer

  - These events were mentioned at meeting.  
    **ACTION**: To be documented as events (or whatever) on website by Murtag.
  - Compsoc group trips yet to be arranged.

## Socials

  - Runite is planning a BBQ for week 9 weekend, start at 12pm - 7pm.
  - Also planning football for end of week 6 / beginning of week 7.  
    **ACTION**: Runite to book field or whatever with Warwick Sport.

## Upcoming Official Budget Deadline

  - Membership cost to remain at £3.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag to do gaming cupboard inventory.

## Miscellaneous

  - No news from societies federation meeting.  
    **ACTION**: Veltas to write newsletter advertising this week and whole term.
  - To contain tournament list.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag needs to get a persistent IRC connection.
  - Meetings this term provisionally set for 17:30 on Mondays, starting week 3.
  - Arranged conveniently before weekly pub.
  - There will be no meeting next week, as would be only 3 days after this one.  
    **ACTION**: LAN rota to go on IRC, execs to fill-out.
