+++
title = "Minutes - 27th May 2013"
date = "2013-05-26T23:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-27th-may-2013-1474488916519/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: ruth, Veltas, “LordCrumpet”, Murtag, zed0

# Academic

  - Ruth: Still waiting on the date of the iLab hackathon to avoid clashing with our own hackathon.
  - Ruth has emailed them and will follow this up.
  - zed0 happy to do a talk next term.  
    **ACTION**: zed0 **and** Ruth to do talk next term.
  - Ruth: Idea to post past exam paper solutions online.
  - Consensus was to do so ensuring permissions from relevant people as we go along, i.e. DCS, professors, etc.
  - Hopefully professors will check solutions, maybe provide marking schemes.
  - Veltas: Stick email address in with solutions to prompt for corrections.
  - We shall be ordering food for upcoming IPSC, held in same place as gaming.

# Gaming

**ACTION**: buy Wiimote, 4 Wiimote Plus adapters, rechargeable AA batteries for Wiimotes as well as spares to allow continuous use whilst recharging.

  - Turns out the shipping was really expensive for the Guitar Hero drum peddles, going to buy two cheap drum peddles instead.
  - zed0 has decided to attempt to fix the current drum peddle.
  - Gaming Officer is now officially Crumpet.
  - Future sessions of gaming where Crumpet and Murtag are unavailable will quite possibly be covered by kind ex-exec.
  - Ruth: Having at least one exec there is preferable, even if ex-exec are entrusted with clean-up, or maybe just nudge people out the door **before** 10am?

## BFL

  - Ruth: We should do some kind of a hacking project during BFL.
  - Main prize at BFL will be a £20 Steam wallet voucher, purchased.  
    **ACTION**: Veltas to email pretty much everyone in the universe for possible sponsorship of BFL.

# Tech

  - Murtag: Should convince DCS to give us alternate boot to Windows in gaming room.
  - zed0: Situation is; Windows is a no-go, even Ubuntu would work better (in USB-boot), but still security concerns from DCS.  
    **ACTION**: Argha to give Crumpet normal exec account privileges so he can, e.g., add himself to contact page.  
    **ACTION**: Crumpet to add himself on contact page.

# Social

  - BBQ can’t be booked on-campus for allotted time.
  - zed0: Is kindly going to host the BBQ at his house, instead.
  - booked football pitch for 11-12 this Sunday (that’s the midday 11-12, not night football).
  - Crash running this Saturday, Ruth is going so will be a society thing.

# Miscellaneous

**ACTION**: Veltas to make newsletter for upcoming stuff as well as BFL sign-ups open.
