+++
title = "Minutes - 6th May 2013"
date = "2013-05-06"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-6th-may-2013-1474488916206/"
+++

Agenda  
**Present**: ruth, Murtag, Veltas, dDirtus

# Academic

**ACTION**: Ruth to find out what happens with code for possible upcoming SIBE hackathon.

# Gaming

**ACTION**: Murtag to decide which games to buy for PS3 from ruth’s source.  
**ACTION**: Murtag to immediately sort out posters for LAN tournies.

  - Ruth’s suggestion: should get BFL sponsored.
  - dDirtus suggests talking to icstatic and zx64 about this.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag to look into getting BFL sponsored.
  - Wii U has arrived, still need wiimotes and stuff.  
    **ACTION**: Oli to buy this stuff.
  - Murtag says that Ben, 1st yr CS student, wants to fill roll of gaming officer.  
    **ACTION**: Murtag to make sure Ben knows full responsibilities first.  
    **ACTION**: Oli, Argha, (Runite if around) to fill out LAN rota in link on \#exec’s topic.

# Tech

**ACTION**: Argha to do cupboard inventory.  
**ACTION**: Argha to post contact details in link on \#exec’s topic.

  - Exec info needs to be changed on forum.
  - Veltas asks if IRC status is tied to exec status.
  - IRC status is per-channel and not really tied to exec status.

# Socials

  - Runite is expected to be away for a bit.  
    **ACTION**: Oli to book football pitch in his leave.  
    **ACTION**: Ruth to print off and fill out forms for BBQ.
  - BBQ may be moved to Sunday to avoid clashing with prog stuff despite tradition.

## Exciting Day

  - Mentioned that there is traditionally an “exciting day” near end of term 3.
  - Suggestion: look for theme parks with 2 for 1 or group discount.
  - Possibility of not being able to do this from lack of transport / clashing with other stuff in the week.
  - Suggestion: peddle-boat racing in Leamington Spa.
  - Could be labelled “gaming tournament” in events to confuse people who arrive.
  - dDirtus: “4 player co-op” as it’s 4 people to a peddle-boat.

# Miscellaneous

  - MikeCobra complains to Murtag that he still gets emails for the gaming president forwarding address.
  - MikeCobra should complain to a tech officer, nobody here can actually fix that.  
    **ACTION**: Oli to hand-sow exec capes for everyone who turned up to this meeting at Ruth’s request. dDirtus may have a gold-trimmed cape for being ex-exec. Ruth may have a rainbow coloured cape.  
    **ACTION**: Exec who did not turn up to the meeting are to read these minutes.  
    **ACTION**: Those not reading these minutes to read these minutes.
