+++
title = "Meeting Notes 22/09/2020"
date = "2020-09-22T15:42:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-22092020/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>Meeting Notes 22/09/2020</p>

<!-- more -->

Present: Toby, Amelie, Dan, John, Ryan, Thomas, Scott

Late:  
Absent: Rolf

  - Welcome Week
      - Lightning Tuesday **7pm** (109 signups as of now)
          - Discord limits of 50 people on a stream.
          - Teams is a good solution, cross-stream to Discord for spare
          - Exec should introduce quickly
          - Adam from ITS overhauling postal system
          - Michael talking about Functional
          - Amelie karaoke
      - Gaming Friday **6pm**
          - Make an effort to splinter the exec into the splinters
      - Linux101/’Introduction to Computing’ with the DCS
          - Tue, Wed, Thur *Mornings*
          - 3(or 6) people needed per day
          - Slides need updating in prep
          - **In person**, all labs booked out, 45 min sessions
          - Make a doodle to see if we can get TA's to help.
  - Budget
      - Not strapped for cash, can be relaxed
      - Roomba
          - It's very cool, but it's a tripping hazard and not particularly effective :(
      - Cleaning supplies, supplementary masks
          - Should be cheap enough, and even *if* lockdown 2; depression boogaloo happens i doubt the SU would say no.
      - PS5/New Xbox
          - Possibly minor issues with discs, but probably fine
      - A new computer
          - We don’t need one *now*, but why not ask.
          - Need to check over current hardware first
  - \#computer-science
      - People seem confused about which channel is for what
      - Is \#computer-science for the subject, or the degree?
      - As a student society, it's more than fine for \#general
      - \#academia as an addition perhaps?
      - \#undergraduate could be a good melting pot for asking other years about things
  - Talks
      - Git good - Tuesday(1pm)/Wednesday(3pm) Week 1 (Sam is onboard)
      - Maths Ada Lovelace Day - Wednesday Week 2
      - Optiver - 1pm Tuesday Week 4
      - LSEG - 3pm Wednesday Week 5
      - Provisional ideas for later in term
          - Another set of lightning
          - 3D printing (will ask Alex/David)
  - Hoffbot
      - Not needed or all that useful
      - Remove - Kill that and the other webhook
  - Something social to replace the pub?
      - Gather worth testing
      - Weekly coffee afternoons?
          - Just push the idea that sitting and chilling in the lobby is chill
      - Another quiz would be great
      - Additional attempts at films could be a good idea
  - Any Other Bees
      - WAN
          - Week 3? Weekend time - Come up with a nice name, send them to Ryan
          - Week 8 if a second
      - Gently take over Amphi, reimburse Alex for his server costs so far
      - Website will get updated soon, more than a week
      - Newsletter at beginning of Week 1  
          
        Quotes:  
        "you will have to use your entire budget to buy enough drugs to get me to watch furry anime" - Sam

