+++
title = "Week 4 Newsletter"
date = "2020-10-26T15:07:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Newsletter"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/week-4-newsletter/"
+++

<p>Week 4 Newsletter</p>

<!-- more -->

Hello CompSoc\!

An exciting week this week\! We've got LAN this weekend. A great talk from Optiver is incoming this week too\!

Attached to this email is our Discord Lan Guide for anyone unfamiliar with Discord or the society who wants a helping hand in understanding what's going on. Also available at this link: <https://go.uwcs.uk/DiscordGuide/>

Also if you use any of our hosting services please see below for a technical announcement.

## Jack-o-LANtern (Friday 6pm - Sunday 6pm)

It's LAN time this weekend\! Hosted on our \[Discord Server\](https://discord.uwcs.uk) we'll be playing games, listening to music and socialising for 48 hours (Minus the bits where people sleep).

To kick things off we'll be starting like a Friday Night Gaming with some TTT and a second game decided by poll that shall be announced once we've tallied up the results. To have your say, fill out: <https://go.uwcs.uk/GamingPoll/>

From there we're planning a Social Games night (Jackbox and the like) and a Hearthstone Battlegrounds Tournament Sunday afternoon (signups to be announced on our Discord nearer the event).

We'll be hosting a Factorio game throughout the event for members to drop in and out of.

## Optiver C++ Code Optimisation Workshop (Tuesday 1-2pm)

Do you want to learn how to write the fastest and best performing code possible? Are you ready to dive into assembly, cache internals and squeeze the last nanosecond out of your code? If so, then join our low-latency workshop on code optimisation\!

During this workshop one of our engineers will demonstrate some of the profiling and micro-benchmarking techniques used when developing low-latency code. Through concrete code examples, we will share some of the performance tips and tricks attained from our vast experience in writing fast, maintainable and modern C++ code. We will look into assembly generated by the compiler to understand how seemingly small code changes affect the work a processor needs to do.

Please note this webinar is suited for students with at least some pre-existing C++ knowledge (but anyone with an interest is welcome\!)

Currently the plan is to host it on a Teams live event: <https://go.uwcs.uk/optiverworkshop/>, and we hope to see you there\!

## LSEG Talk (Week 5 Wednesday)

In Week 5, another of our sponsors from LSEG (London Stock Exchange Group) will be coming to give a talk\!

Join David Gavini, Head of Development at ForexClear, for a virtual event on 4th November from 3–5pm to find out more about how technology powers a clearing house. You’ll get the chance to put your questions to David, and a member of our recruitment team will also be present to answer any questions you might have about our technology spring week, internship and graduate programmes.

## Server Downtime Advanced Warning

The Society Servers Hopper and Lovelace are expected to experience periods of downtime on **Monday 02 November from 12 noon** to perform major system updates. As mentioned in the advanced warning sent to those using the society web hosting, these updates will affect both PHP, Python and Node system versions, meaning that your web-apps may need manual intervention to continue running. If you have any questions about these changes, please do contact the Tech Officer (@Thomas (Tech Officer)) for more details.

## Schedule

That's all from me for now\!

Toby

If you would like to keep in touch, join our [Discord Server](https://discord.uwcs.uk), or information can be found on our [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/warwickcompsoc/), or on our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/uwcs).

### And now, a word from our sponsors

## The Phoenix Partnership

TPP is a global digital health company. With over 5,500 organisations using our solutions to care for over 50 million patients, our software is used across all health and social care settings, including GPs, emergency departments, hospitals and mental health services. This means that wherever and whenever a patient needs care, a detailed and up-to-date record is available. No other company has a digital healthcare solution on this scale. Our database is one of the largest in the world. It processes a billion transactions daily - more than the London Stock Exchange and Visa combined.

After 22 years of success in the UK, TPP is now expanding their offering to deliver connected care to new markets in China and the Middle East. We're currently hiring for seven different graduate roles and for our 2020 summer intern programme. We're looking for the brightest minds from the UK's top universities who have a passion for problem solving.

To find out more about the opportunities TPP have to offer, visit <https://www.tpp-uk.com/careers>.

## G-Research

G-Research is a leading quantitative research and technology company. By using the latest scientific techniques, we produce world-beating predictive research and build advanced technology to analyse the world's data.

Join us and you'll explore complex challenges with some of the world's smartest people in an open and informal environment. We are all working towards achieving our long-term goal: human ingenuity limited only by the speed of thought.

To find out more about the opportunities G-Research have to offer, visit <https://gresearch.co.uk>

## Jane Street

Jane Street is a quantitative trading firm and global liquidity provider. Our trading is based on mathematical modeling and strategies and we use innovative technology, a scientific approach, and a deep understanding of markets to stay successful. With offices in some of the world's most dynamic cities: New York, London, Amsterdam and Hong Kong, we operate around the clock and around the globe.

We offer internships in four different groups: trading, technology, research and business development. All of our offices follow a slightly different internship schedule, though our typical summer internship lasts 10-12 weeks. You work alongside full timers, and we get to know you and see how you think about and solve the kinds of problems we deal with every day. All interns also spend time in a foreign office with travel and accommodation arranged by Jane Street.

To learn more about the opportunities that Jane Street offer, visit <https://www.janestreet.com/join-jane-street/apply>.

## London Stock Exchange Group - Grow your career at market speed

London Stock Exchange Group (LSE.L) has a long, prestigious heritage that few organisations around the world can rival, dating back to 1698. Since then, we have grown to become one of the world's foremost financial market infrastructure and capital markets groups, and a global leader in new financial technology (FinTech). Headquartered in London, our geographic footprint extends to more than 25 cities worldwide, and more than 60 nationalities are represented by our 5000-strong workforce.

We understand that this is a challenging and unprecedented time for everyone, but our graduate and internship programmes - and the development of new talent - remains critical to our future business success. As we continue to expand and diversify, we are looking for the next generation of talented, ambitious graduates to help us shape the future of LSEG. You will get direct exposure to the exciting innovations happening within finance and technology, putting your ideas and problem-solving skills to use and helping to drive our growth.

Applications close on 6 December 2020

<https://lseg.com/graduates>

## Optiver

Optiver is a leading trading firm driven by technology with over 1000 employees world-wide. Our systems play an essential role in everything we do in trading.

That is why our Technology and Trading teams work closely together to explore ideas and set the new directions. We build and maintain an outstanding suite of high performing, high reliability and low-latency systems and algorithms that are constantly evolving.

With 12 datacenters and thousands of servers, we run ten thousand trading components executing hundreds of thousands of trades every day, responding to changes in microseconds.

If you are interested in joining our technology team in Amsterdam of over 150 people from 40 countries, check-out our career opportunities page, at <https://www.optiver.com/eu/en/job-opportunities>.

