+++
title = "Minutes 2016-10-13 (Term 1 Week 2)"
date = "2016-10-14T00:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2016-10-13-term-1-week-2/"
+++

<p>Minutes term 1 week 2.<br/></p>

<!-- more -->

Present: rhiba, tankski, Zoggoth, kirby, Phillammon, Sam, dixon (late)  
  

  - Big screen (but Jai isn't here). Jai please report back to rhiba on the
    status. Probably have to be week 3 or 5.  
  - Cisco event. Rhiba spoke to the brand ambassador for Cisco today, she's very
    nice. Arranged a talk for Week 6, maybe 7 or 8, on Wednesday. Hoping for six
    because we need a talk for then.  
  - Programming competition also provided by Cisco, as well as prizes. They may
    be too hard, so rhiba may write her own for the beginners. Wednesday afternoon
    on either week 7 or 9 (not 8 that's LAN).  
  - Talk of another Women in Computing event with Cisco, but also Addy and Eliana,
    probably in Term 2.  
  - rhiba has arranged a meeting with Addy and Eliana to register as a hub for the
    Google \#Code Competition, hubs are needed because it's a large competition.  
  - Give the Grad a Go (graduate recruitment company) wants to sponsor us, they
    wanted between bronze and silver. Will come back with actual requests.  
  - Teach kirby to send newsletters.  
  - Make a seating plan for the website (David), preferably a week before LAN.  
  - Roger came to rhiba to ask that we clean /var/ after gaming. Hopefully
    automate on logoff, might have to be manually run by Jai / Luke / Sam.  
  - Reminder to rhiba to fill money requests forms for pizza and tripods.  
  - Shell talk / Linux 101 went great, very good turnout. Advanced Shell Talk in
    week 9 or week 7, dependent on the programming competition, or week 10.  
  - Gaming teardown was surprisingly fine. Officers are free to use discretion for
    when to tear down.  
  - rhiba: Print off cupboard pictures.  
  - rhiba: Get gaming cupboard keys cut. LAN cupboard if it's really needed.  
  - David: Alias tech-team to techteam  
  - rhiba: Check where it says tech-team@uwcs.co.uk  
  - David: Add Sam to the exec mailing list (s.coy@warwick.ac.uk).  
  - David's aside - Roger came to us and described the LAN cabling is shoddy.
    Word on the street is they were rescued from a skip. Should probably get new
    ones. We have a lot of cable so we can use the old reels.  
  - rhiba: Email guy back about LAN room.  
  - Currently no exam LAN. Consider hosting one in the Oculus?  
  - Roger (through the CSC) has come into possession of four large switches.
    Options are: replace the servers, or use for LANs (they are too big and too
    heavy). Sort out by week 5.  
  - Possibly buy new power supplies for switches.  
  - David: Fix password reset on the website

#### Kirby's Chronicles
  - rhiba: Buy out Yoga Soc for room booking  
  - David: Fix the black magic box

