+++
title = "Minutes 23/11/2010"
date = "2010-11-23"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-23112010-1474488911684/"
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Fyorl, TeamDoherty, SigmaD, Sinjo

## Minutes:

### LAN & stuff:

  - Power: Check we’re using the correct socket in the computer suites.
  - There should be a forum post for the gaming rota.
  - The gaming rota was written on the board last LAN, but people were unaware/it was rubbed off.
  - Kuros’ idea (hackthisbox) probably requires too much work to get done by next LAN (week 9).
  - No LIB1 this LAN.
  - We need to buy Duct Tape(5-6 rolls).
  - Cranman bought this last time.  
    **Action**: Someone (cranman again?) to buy Duct Tape.
  - Another Pizza order for LAN; deadline will be strict
  - Table 4 might be necessary if the LAN gets busier, although the group from London may not be there.
  - Shai needs a separate table for her computer.

### Academic:

  - We have received posters for the IBM talk.
  - MrWilson is going to the Print-shop to sort publicity.  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to e-mail engineering again about advertising academic talks.
  - A date has been set for the IBM Hursley trip.

### DDR (In relation to http://forums.uwcs.co.uk/viewtopic.php?id=15):

  - Foam mats may be insufficient?
  - Can bring things to gaming at own risk.
  - Can be background music for Werewolf in the common room.

### Clothing Order:

  - MrWilson wants to focus on academic stuff and not organise the clothing order.
  - The society should pay for the cost of digitising the logo.
  - Exec capes.
  - ’I want my cape to be Gold’ -MrWilson
  - ’Why not upgrade to a full suit of armour?’ - Sinjo

### Christmas Meal:

  - Do we have a private booth again? -TeamDoherty  
    **Action**: SigmaD to send a Newsletter about this.

### Misc:

**Action**: Techteam to email societies about broken databases.

  - ’I’m not going to put Tinsel on the budget’-MrWilson
  - ’Linux will either have the driver and everything will be fine or it won’t and your life will be miserable’ - Sinjo
  - ’Linux doesn’t support happiness by default.’ - MrWilson
