+++
title = "Minutes 14/10/2010"
date = "2010-10-14"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-14102010-1474488910683/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

SigmaD, MrWilson, Demo, Azurit, dangerman, Cranman, Connorhd, Sinjo, Fyorl, Trip, Dirtus, Kuros

## Minutes:

### Gaming:

  - Agaeki updated the list of games on the website
  - Minecraft is working.
  - Gaming was slow.
  - Due to Backus reboot, the script wasn’t working.
  - This will be fixed for gaming this week.

### Bloomberg:

  - There will be a conference call on Monday 3:30 to discuss academic talk topics and the ProgComp.
  - ProgComp would be best on a Saturday in weeks 2-4 term 2
  - DCS computers may be ideal. (Bring laptops if you want)  
    **Action**: MrWilson to speak to Roger.

### Room Booking:

  - LIB2 has been booked for all LANs. (Warwick Skills Certificate problem solved.)
  - Azurit suggests keeping the contact information for skills.
  - Engineering have not booked a single hour during the BFL this year.

### Academic Talks:

  - Sinjo’s talk will be in week 3.
  - Advertising: Screens in DCS, e-mails, etc.  
    **Action**: Sinjo to e-mail details of the talk to MrWilson.
  - IBM will do talks on the 27th November and 29th October on Cloud computing and High performance computing.
  - There should be food(pizza) available at talks.

### Atrium gaming event:

  - Ask TeamDoherty about gaming in the Atrium.

### Purchases for the year:

  - Ksplice - a piece of software to update kernels without downtime. $4 per server per month.
  - Maybe get this software for Backus as well as Codd.
  - “How does it work?” -Azurit
  - “Fucking Hax.” -Sinjo

### Football:

  - 2.50 entrance fee to Warwick Sport.
  - Alternatively, man up and play outside.

### Christmas meal:

  - Decided on Wing Wahs Friday week 8.  
    **Action**: Dirtus to book this.
  - Dirtus didn’t go to the meal in his first year because it was on a Wednesday.
  - “How does a meal turn into an all weekend event?”
  - “You’re not drinking enough.”

### Misc:

  - An appointed position for publicity officer was suggested.
  - “Wasn’t there that one guy who did website work?” - Fyorl
  - “That could mean they know how to open Frontpage.” - Connorhd
