+++
title = "Minutes 9/11/10"
date = "2010-11-09"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-91110-1474488911284/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Zed0, Kuros, Fyorl, Trip, Sinjo, Starspell, SigmaD, TeamDoherty

## Minutes:

### LAN:

  - This Friday.
  - MrWilson will sort out the trolley.
  - We will take the X-Box/monitor to LAN.
  - MrWilson will turn up with cupboard keys for the setup.
  - TeamDoherty has sorted the game rota, which is ready to go.
  - We should buy hazard tape for the LAN : MrWilson thinks it looks really cool.
  - We need to restock Duct tape for the LAN.
  - SigmaD will do a LAN pizza order
  - There may be an unofficial beast order at LAN courtesy of Kuros.
  - The LAN exec timetable is up, exec members should sign up.
  - We probably don’t need to worry about tech rota as Faux is at LAN.

### Christmas Meal:

  - Christmas meal has been booked.

### Academic Talks:

  - IBM will provide publicity for their talk on the 17th of November.
  - We should receive this through the post by Friday.
  - We should take the banner to the academic talk.
  - Order pizza for the academic talk.
  - ’Are there any vegans in the society?’ - MrWilson
  - ’Not anymore.’-Cranman

### Codd FS/DB:

  - FS has been fixed.
  - Repair needs running on some DBs.
  - There is potential loss of data integrity for some societies’ DBs

### Tech-team(Documentation/Training):

  - Find victims for the new tech-team.
  - Fyorl is still about.

### WGD:

  - A user group that can add events to the website would be useful for WGD.
  - WGD to use the Guitar Hero/X-box stuff tomorrow for their console social.

### Future LAN ideas:

  - Kuros suggests a ‘hack this box’ type event for a LAN (Not this LAN)
  - Maybe using Insomnia?
  - There may exist a pre-made image for this.
  - ’There are no headshots in coding’-MrWilson

### Misc:

  - MrWilson wants to run for an exec position next year, nobody knows if he can.
  - Mahjong Society has 30 members.
  - Race Condition: ‘Something has gone so badly wrong you have to use racist language’

### On Sports Societies:

  - Sports clubs are really expensive.
  - ’And **then** they make you do exercise.’ - Fyorl.
