+++
title = "Minutes 14/02/2011"
date = "2011-02-14"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-14022011-1474488913412/"
+++

## Present:

connorhd, cranman, dangerman, James, MikeCobra, MrWilson, samu, sinjo, Taby, TeamDoherty, zed0.

## Minutes

### New Exec Handover

  - It’s done.
  - Fyorl left 6 months ago.
  - Pictures for site.
  - zedo: “MrWilson, have any pictures from Crash?”  
    **Action:** zed0 to change pictures.

### Gaming Officer

  - dangerman will let apc do it if he wants to.  
    **Action:** Ask apc if he definitely wants to.  
    **Action:** Change gaming password.

### Bloomberg

  - MrWilson when asked how it went: “Pretty okay.”
  - Was tidy following gaming.
  - Ethernet ports in DCS are BAD.
  - Port MikeCobra suggested worked.
  - Taby: “They need your blessing, Mike.”

### Finances

  - cranman: “The accounts are growing exponentially.”

### Squeeze (Debian 6.0) Upgrade

**Action:** To be discussed at tech meeting.

### Mailman

  - Connorhd: “It’s terrible.” and “Our service is poor.”
  - Possibly use Google instead.
  - Google will know everything, ever.
  - zed0: “Nobody knows how PostFix works.”

### Terms of Service

  - Maybe they should be rewritten.
  - zed0 will change the create shell account script to point to the Terms of Service.

### Quotes

  - MrWilson: “I decided eating a bowl of Cheerios was more interesting than being on time.”
  - Samu, to MrWilson on his presidency: “It hardened you.” —-\> MrWilson: “I see what you did there.”
  - MrWilson: “Hang on a minute.”
