+++
title = "Minutes 4/2/2011"
date = "2011-02-04"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-422011-1474488913012/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Azurit, TeamDoherty, zed0, MikeCobra, Dangerman, EvilGenius666, APC, Demo, Cranman, Dirtus, MrWilson, Taby, SigmaD.

## Minutes:

### Elections:

  - AGM is on Wednesday at 7pm.
  - ’Anyone voting for RON will be shot.’ - Azurit
  - Secretary handover involves making sure replacement is literate.
  - ‘If we get all of CompSoc to vote for RON \[in the union elections\], would that be enough to screw them over?’ - TeamDoherty

### Gaming:

  - No food at this gaming as DCS in having an open day on Saturday.
  - The Street Fighter tournament will be after the elections.
  - We could advertise this at the union or WSC?
  - TeamDoherty & Azurit will resolve the minecraft competition.
  - ITS seem to be blocking ports for Arora.  
    **Action**: Azurit to talk to JCO about this.  
    **Action**: SigmaD to send reminder e-mail about no food at gaming
  - Encourage signups next LAN.

### Accounts:

  - Still missing £2000.
  - Cranman e-mailed Pam.
  - ‘Can we still use the money even without access?’
  - 7 Accounts?
  - Enough money for ProgComp prizes though.

### Misc:

  - TeamDoherty deals with ‘funny’ guys.
  - ‘They’re making resnet not shit?’ - Demo
  - ‘They’re making resnet less shit.’ - Zed0  
    **Action**: SigmaD to sort out clothing order.

### After the meeting:

  - ‘If I were kuros, I probably would have gone to bed about midday… There we go, 12:46.’ - TeamDoherty
