+++
title = "Minutes 18/1/2011"
date = "2011-01-18"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1812011-1474488912385/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Zed0, TeamDoherty, MikeCobra, Taby, EvilGenius666, MrWilson, Sinjo, Cranman, SigmaD, Dirtus, Dangerman.

## Minutes:

### LAN:

  - MrWilson will collect the trolley.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to buy a new power reel.
  - The Minecraft server will be reset during LAN.
  - ’I heard wiping a server and I thought it was something I should care about.’-Sinjo
  - Exec rota for LAN now full.
  - Limiting the size of the music server buckets generally worked well.
  - ’Am I the only one creeped out by having cameras at LAN?’ - Dirtus

### Gaming:

  - The Common room was left in a mess on Friday.
  - An e-mail should be sent out about this.
  - Maybe buy a Kinect for the society.  
    **Action**: Cranman to buy Kinect.
  - Dangerman now knows the gaming password.
  - The position of Gaming Officer has now been renamed ‘The Agaeki’.

### First Aid Training:

  - Exec need to sign-up for first aid training on the SU website.
  - Zed0 has first aid training.
  - We need a new first aid kit.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to buy a new first aid kit.
  - ’I’m sorry for dying at gaming.’-MikeCobra

### Bloomberg:

  - Possible prizes are: Netbook, Kindles, maybe USB sticks as ‘thank you for competing’ prizes.

### End of Meeting:

  - ’Going once, going twice.’-MrWilson
  - Dangerman arrives.

### Misc:

‘That involves using linux, I won’t do that.’ - TeamDoherty  
(Halfway through the meeting) ‘I claim on time.’ -Dirtus  
Broadcasting unencrypted data is equivalent to shouting out your bank details.
