+++
title = "Minutes 14/1/2011"
date = "2011-01-14"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1412011-1474488912168/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

SigmaD, starspell, Azurit, TeamDoherty, MrWilson, Cranman, dangerman, Fyorl , Sinjo, Zed0, james

## Minutes:

### Gaming:

  - Dangerman is the new Agaeki.
  - The Arora setup is pro, but a complete pain in the arse.
  - Fyorl will come to log on computers.  
    **Action**: dangerman to get gaming password from Roger.  
    **Action**: Azurit to update Minecraft.

### TV:

  - We received an e-mail about making a television programme about Computer Programming.
  - Maybe mention the Bloomberg ProgComp.
  - Should be added to the forum and e-mail them back.

### Barclays:

  - Can’t have logo on website due to IBM agreement.
  - May talk to them about sponsorship for individual events.

### Hursley IBM:

  - Coach booked.
  - MrWilson is taking sign-ups by e-mail. (Currently 7)
  - Happens on 26th Jan.

### Bloomberg Progcomp:

  - Arranged for 12th Feb.
  - CS0.01 has been booked.
  - Best solution instead of a speed Progcomp.  
    Possible prizes: Kindle? Netbook? (thank you for competing items?)

### Clothing Order:

  - Sadiq/Connorhd may know who we usually order from.
  - The exec capes should colour coded.
  - ‘Then I can cycle around and it will be like I’m a rainbow butterfly.’ - MrWilson

### LAN:

  - Happens next weekend.
  - We need to buy a new power cable.
  - Humanities students have been eating the power cables.
  - ’Wouldn’t surprise me.’ - TeamDoherty

### Tech:

  - There is now a bot in \#tech to spam messages about updates on codd.
  - Alyn Davies from Mixed hockey sent us an e-mail asking about hosting.  
    **Action**: Fyorl to reply.

### Exec elections:

  - Open at LAN. (e-mail manifestos)
  - Online/proxy vote?
  - May need a website subsection for voting/manifestos.

### Misc:

  - Mail server: mail comes in, something happens, if we’re lucky, e-mail comes out.
  - There was a good month of pictures of your wife e-mails.
  - ’Apparently, Aber. is now using Agaeki’s mum jokes.’ - Azurit
  - ‘Albania shouldn’t be a problem now we have k-splice.’-Fyorl
  - MrWilson’s monitor has the blue cable.
