+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2019-09-23"
date = "2019-09-23T09:25:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2019-09-23/"
+++

<p>Notes for our meeting on the 23rd of September</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes Welcome Week 23/09/2019

In Attendance: Ryan, Jaesok, John, Sam, David II, Scott

Late: David I

Absent: Rob, Toby, Dan

everyone had an at least okay summer

### Welcome Week

  - Freshers Labs
      - Clash with Societies Fair
      - Linux 101 talk and lab - both days
          - talks form 9:45am to 10:45am
          - Linux 101 covered by Sam and Toby
          - Labs are 11:45am to 1pm
      - 8:30am start for stalls
  - Freshers Fair
      - Setup at 9am
      - No indication for stall location until setup
      - Need transport due to new venue - probably Toby's car
      - 9-11: John, Jaesok
      - 11-1: \[TBD\]
      - 1-3 : Ryan, \[TBD\]
      - 3-5 : \[TBD\]

### Socials

  - STEM Social
      - Participating
      - We get access to board games
  - Monday Pub is dead, long live Tuesday Pub
      - Running pub Tuesday Welcome Week
      - Remember to gather freshers at DCS
  - Gaming returns at the usual hours
      - Gaming-get still in development
          - Toby and David assisting with development
          - probably wont be ready for this Friday
  - Laser tag with anime society is happening week 6
  - Pub Quiz on October 28th with G Research
  - Circling is happening probably week 4, week 7
  - End of Term Meal currently at Farmhouse

### Freshers LAN

  - Week 2, in collaboration with esports
  - No sponsors this time, fully BYOC
  - Putting aside floor space for esports
  - Max capacity \~130
  - To come: Halloween (Christmas?) LAN and Christmas (Halloween?) LAN
  - Handing out Discord merch
      - BE SURE TO PHOTOGRAPH DISTRIBUTION FOR MORE GOODS
  - Community area by the door Lib2
  - Ping @First Year this afternoon when floor plan finalised

### WASD 2020

  - WASD advertising has begun
  - External signups at \~6 at the moment
  - Spare WASD stickers - hand out early?
  - Contacting Twitch for front page
  - Wall Decal?
  - Possibility of being added to NSC calendar for advertising
  - Purchase new stickers
      - change colour scheme to current site style
  - David I in charge of gear purchase

### Budget

  - lol SU budget
  - Good budget from sponsors this year
  - VIVE gear
      - One lighthouse is still unresponsive
          - New old style lighthouse or purchase Vive Index or Vive Pro?
  - Switch Controller Charge stations

### Misc

  - Sam to see about removal of WarwickTECH gear from storage space
  - Organise advert blob for newsletter
  - Wednesday for talks possibly, but colliding with Open Day (Sam to organise)
  - Mini Hack with Microsoft on 18th November
  - LSEG Tech labs event (possibly on a Wednesday, more details when they're available)
  - SU Forum covered
  - SU Wants an Inventory
      - To Do on Sunday
  - Look into Vive COSMOS?
  - **LANs this term are in Week 5 and Week 8**

## Quotes:

"Might I interject? What you refer to as Linux is actually..." - John

"Can we rename Toby to 'Parts'?" - David I

##

