+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2019-11-05"
date = "2019-11-05T12:03:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2019-11-05/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>Notes for our meeting on the 5th of November</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes 05/11/2019

#### Present: Ryan, Toby, Sam, John, Jaeseok, Dan

#### Late: David B.

#### Absent: Rob, Scott

### LAN postmortem

  - LAN was quiet but fun
  - Apparent lack of advertising
      - @everyone about @LAN tag?
      - Opt-out instead of opt-in?
  - Add Untitled LAN event to warwick.gg
  - Race event where people try to complete a set of games as quick as possible?
  - Minecraft to be run next LAN, and should be advertised
  - Next LAN
      - Signups open soon
    
      - Advertise minecraft server
    
      - Bad racing games
        
          - ...Garfield Kart?
              - Sam confirms mario kart is bad
          - TOUHOU KART TOUHOU KART TOUHOU KART\!
          - Bronze/Silver/Gold goose statues?
    
      - Jackbox thing
    
      - Advertise MTG presence?
    
      - 
### WASD Stuff

  - 100% run for untitled goose game?
  - Maybe a block of gag games (e.g. I am Bread)
  - Marathon page is up now yay
  - David R. poking Twitch about details

### Gaming

  - David B. to not be here, Jaeseok has the keys for now

### Socials

  - Scott is indisposed, but Lloyd has details for laser quest event
  - Christmas Pub on Tuesday week 10
      - Venue options;
          - Farmhouse
          - White Horse
          - Wing Wahs
          - Green Man
      - Get people to vote, soon\! Voting to end by Friday
      - Also get people to sign up

### Academic

  - LSEG Talk tomorrow
  - Computing your Career happening around the same time. oops.
  - Alex Dixon next week
  - Advent of Code happening soon\!
  - Netitude
      - Try to get a CTF planned for first couple weeks of term 2
      - Tech requirements mean we'll probably need to use LAN server pc

### Misc

  - Goose production continues
  - RYAN DO CLOTHING ORDER THING - RYAN
  - PI Soc thing
      - In holiday time which is annoying
      - Yorkshire's a bit far for a lot of people
      - Should look for more details, not sure what this is
      - Early start is an issue considering travel time

it is 50 days till christmas :\]

## Quotes

"David... David bLANinger?" - Sam

"Its rubbing alcohol for external wounds, drinking alcohol for internal wounds" - Toby

"y'araight, duck?" - David B.

