+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2020-02-07"
date = "2020-02-07T17:44:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2020-02-07/"
+++

<p>Look, notes!</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes 07/02/2020

#### In Attendance: Ryan, John, Jaeseok, Dan, David B., Toby, Toby, Toby, Toby, Toby, Toby, Toby, Sam (noted Weeb)

#### Late: Scott

#### Absent: Rob

### WASD Postmortem

  - REALLY GOOD
  - Sam being a weeb was surprisingly lucrative for our charity of choice
  - Next WASD organisation already underway
      - Week 5 or 7
      - Probably in the SU Atrium again?
      - All-nighters? Need to clear with SU
  - Consider decoupling from CompSoc. (Not next year)
      - Would probably make it harder to find a venue
      - Not really impacting budget
  - Consider getting a better couch for games

### Gaming & LAN

  - SUPER MONKEY'S BALL RACE :D
  - Yell at people at Gaming about LAN
  - Dedicated email? Sure.
  - CS0.03 is getting renovated
      - Move Gaming into CS0.01 entirely?
          - Need to talk to the department about this

### AGM Stuff & Possible Changes

  - Shall be in Week 8
  - Sam to be Returning Officer :\[, possibly David?
      - Waiting for announcement about RO Training
  - Ryan to book room for AGM, Friday Week 8, 6pm
      - Oculus if possible.
      - **PIZZA**
  - Everyone: write explanations of your roles
  - Distribution email lists for different categories? (Social, Gaming, etc.)
  - Monthly event calendars?
  - Handover stuff
      - BFL stuff oh god
          - old exec assist with running, train new exec

### Academic

  - Week 7 - Google Hashcode
      - Expecting to fill CS0.01
      - Setup to end by 5:30
      - Sam and Roger ensuring projector included
      - No networking required\! :D
      - Advertise more. NEED TO SIGN UP MONDAY WEEK 7
          - Remind them to bring a laptop
      - **PIZZA**
  - Optiver talk
      - Sam to check they're still good for 4th March
      - Sam has booked a room. L4? Maybe? Idk. Neither does Sam
  - Week 8 & 10 - Sam figuring it out
      - LaTeX talk week 8?

### Socials

  - Scott waiting on T-Bar to get details on Circle
  - Dolchi; can't book, probably not an issue
      - Tuesday evenings
      - talk about AGM?
  - SONIC THE HEDGEHOG THE MOVIE THE SOCIAL THE NOTES
      - 'sall good
      - meet us there at 8, or piazza
  - End of Term Meal
      - IKEA? haha just kidding.... unless? ha jk............ unless?
          - Spin this off as an independent event
      - Whereto? Probably a vote
          - Farmhouse
          - White Horse
          - Green Man?
          - Wing Wahs?

### Misc

  - Toby pls give money to the society it's important pls im begging u

## Quotes

"Who *is* screaming?" - Sam

"Removing publicity, adding women" - Sam

"'Come' frequently... *frequency\! Fuck\!*" - Amelie

"waising and giving" - Toby

