+++
title = "Meeting Notes 2020-01-06"
date = "2020-01-06T14:34:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/meeting-notes-2020-01-06/"
+++

<p>Notes for our Meeting on the 6th of January</p>

<!-- more -->

## Meeting Notes 06/01/2020

#### In Attendance: Ryan, John, David, Toby, Sam, Jaeseok, Dan, David B.

#### Late: Scott

#### Absent: Rob

### Warwick.gg

  - has been fixed.
  - very good.
  - :)

### Elections

  - Sam suggests around week 3, a public exec meeting to discuss the constitution and other general changes.
      - Will advertise after this meeting.
      - Book a room for it.
  - Elections to be held roughly week 8.
  - Need to poke the first years about running for roles.

### Socials

  - Pub currently clashes with Functional Programming.
      - Pushing back tomorrow's pub to 7pm to compensate.
      - Need to consider changing the date possibly.
  - Welfare Week (in collaboration with a bunch of STEM groups).
      - Sam and John meeting with other collaborators this Friday.
      - Should be Week 5.
      - Awareness workshops for topics like "Report and Support"
  - Ice Cream Social
      - Coventry - Dolci
      - Possibly Week 6
  - One Circle running this term
      - Looking for somewhere that isn't the Copper Rooms or Terrace

### Academic

  - Week 2 Event
      - No responses from external
      - Sam may do one on LaTeX
          - Wednesday 15th
          - Provisional, Sam to confirm Thursday
  - CTF - 29th of January (week 4)
      - In collaboration with Netitude
      - 4-5 hours
      - Free pizza\!
      - Sam to book a room when Jack gets back.
  - Google Hashcode.
      - Running a qualification round centre.
      - Make sure merch doesn't get stolen this time :S.
  - Week 6 Event
      - Probably by Dan Ilet
      - Free pizza\!
  - Week 9 Event
      - Optiver
      - March 4th
      - Need to book a room
      - On High-performance computing and optimisation
      - Free pizza\!

### Final LANtasy & BFL

  - Shitty Fighting Games Tournament
      - Double elim format?
      - DongDong Never Die
      - Animal Fight?
  - David to order 5 long ethernet cables
  - LIB 1 won't be available for BFL oh no.
      - Sam looking at the old sports centre.
      - May have to downsize for LIB 2.
          - Consider an overhaul for long-term seat booking (e.g. can book seats for a couple days, leaving them free afterwards)

### WASD IS APPROACHING

  - Headsets arriving todayish.
  - Mixer arriving tomorrow.
  - Test setup this Friday, during Gaming.
  - Need to acquire an older model of PS3 for one of the runners.
      - Toby can provide one.
      - Runner has offered to bring an old elgato model to capture gameplay.
      - Maybe use a HDMI splitter to circumvent the issue.
  - NSC to support our event, including Monster sponsorship.
      - David asking to be put into contact with Belong about providing tech for practice stations.
  - Sam talking to SpecialEffect for decoration, ect.
  - Twitch front page mostly confirmed, pending organisers booking a time.
  - Sam & David talking to Noble Chairs and Overclockers about sponsorship.
  - Sam & David to meet with SU tech team about setting up streaming gear in the Atrium.
      - Fee of \~£60.
      - Stage plan to be decided.
      - Speak to IT about confirming Ethernet ports.
  - Near-clash with Superbowl showing. Shouldn't be an issue, but make sure we don't overrun too much.
  - Lanyards/badges for staff/runners.
      - Could get them from Warwick Print.
  - Jai providing stream overlay, tiltify integration.
  - Talk to the SU about younger visitors - any further consideration to be made?

### Sonic The Hedgehog The Movie The Social The Notes

  - Happening during second LAN.
  - David B., John offered to not go to run LAN.
  - Facebook event page pls

### Misc.

  - Toby has keys to the storage cupboard.
  - It is less than one year until Christmas.
  - Typing contest?
      - Maybe next year as a freshers event?
      - Not much interest in it this late into the academic year.
  - \#hackathon for Discord.
      - For finding teams for whatever hackathon is on at the time.
  - Must acquire FROG TAPE (for vr setup)
  - Filament for the /filament god/ 3d printer, David R. ordering

## Quotes

"So Jaeseok is the new gaming president..." - Sam

- good doodler, John

"I just remembered I own a brother" - Toby

"mediae" - google

