+++
title = "Minutes 26/5/2010"
date = "2010-05-26"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2652010-1474488910079/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Mogmiester, Zed0, MrWilson, TeamDoherty, Sinjo, Connorhd, Cranman, Zaer, Odd-bloke, SigmaD

## Minutes:

### Bloomberg:

  - MrWilson and SigmaD thought it went well.
  - Got free rubix cubes.
  - “Complete non-date I’m sure.”-Zed0
  - We will hear from Bloomberg in 3 days time.

### IBM:

  - Want to meet to discuss sponsorship.
  - They will come here.

### Speed ProgComp:

  - \~£200 to spend, so there will be smaller prizes than the netbook.
  - There will be sweets for during the competition.  
    **Action**: SigmaD to finish the questions and send out an e-mail.

### LAN:

  - Tech rota - Faux is there, solved.
  - We need an Exec rota.
  - Dijkstra is still set up to say “Brad’s nice party”.
  - Signs to tell people not to turn off the room’s external power would be good.
  - The prize for the previous ProgComp, the netbook, is on the way for LAN
  - Fyorl is doing no revision and working on the music server.

### Money transfers:

  - Bloomberg is sending an e-mail for reimbursement for the trip to London.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to sort Bloomberg paying for travel.
  - Cranman sent e-mail to union to pay Sinjo.  
    **Action**: Connorhd to be paid

### Accenture Sponsorship:

  - We need to contact them.
  - They are still sending emails to Connorhd and ignoring his e-mails to them, telling them he is no longer the academic president.
  - We may need to fill out an application form.
  - They started the phone interview for the sponsorship with “We’re going to give you £500”.

### Union Referendum on Society Sponsorship:

  - There were contradictory results.
  - The ‘stance’ is no money from bad people, although this isn’t legally binding.
  - Action: MrWilson to e-mail potential sponsors.
  - “Our union is no longer has an hilariously backwards stance”-Sinjo
  - “University of Gun: Nuclear society” - odd bloke
  - Will sell morals for £500.

### Rolls Royce make nuclear power engines:

  - Pretty cool

### Chaplaincy ball tickets:

  - Odd-bloke is selling tickets.
  - £25 - including food and drink.
  - 8pm start.
  - Formal-ish.  
    Action: Mention it in a newsletter and create an event.
  - People interested should sign up to event - so Odd-bloke can see
  - In support of Amnesty International and Global Care, a Coventry based charity.

### Other:

  - “2:1, that’s 60. I can skip 40 of my exams right?”-Zed0
  - “Coding is like knitting right?”-MrWilson
  - “Dirtus and Fyorl suck. Agaeki too”-Zaer
  - Zed0 has an exam.
  - Mogmiester gave out breakaways.
  - “Breakfast was either hot chocolate from Curiositea or the throat lozenge before my exam”-Zaer
