+++
title = "Minutes 3/6/2010"
date = "2010-06-03"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-362010-1474488910171/"
+++

## Present:

Zed0, Connorhd, Azurit, Agaeki, Cranman, TeamDoherty, MrWilson, Dirtus, Monk, Trip, Fyorl, SigmaD

## Minutes:

### Risk Assessment:

  - “If you lick the power supply, you might get a shock.”
  - All the former exec agreed to work on it, nothing happened.
  - Should set a single person on it.
  - Our job as exec is to pass the url, a google document, containing relevant information onto the next exec.
  - Zed0 didn’t fill in a risk assessment for his 4th year project on lasers.
  - “Don’t keep C4 in the computer.”

### Gaming purchases:

  - We need a new RockBand guitar.
  - The more expensive one may or may not be better, the customer reviews rate it as either the best or worst thing ever.
  - Buying another console for Street Fighter 4 was suggested.
  - Buying another X-Box may not be needed due to game overlap.

### Azurit’s Mug:

  - Hot water is used to sterilise it.
  - “If only you knew /any/ biology” - Dirtus.

### CompSoc Trading Cards:

  - “Give me 7 reasons why we should do this”-MrWilson
  - It would be quite cool.
  - Everyone else is doing it.
  - “I had a subway today.” - Cranman

### Bloomberg 2 - Return to London:

  - MrWilson and SigmaD will go back to London to discuss details of how will spend the sponsorship money we won.
  - CompSoc will pay for travel for now as MrWilson hasn’t been reimbursed by Bloomberg yet.

### ProgComp Type Thing:

  - Cranman linked to a speed progcomp type thing on facebook.
  - First place is £1000.
  - “I do like money” - MrWilson
  - Takes place this Sunday.

### Other:

  - Cranman and Agaeki learnt how to send files to each other over IRC.
  - **Action**: Dirtus to create the Chaplaincy ball event.
