+++
title = "Minutes 17/3/2010"
date = "2010-03-17"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-1732010-1474488909564/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

Mulletron, Agaeki, George, Cranman, Zed0, MrWilson, Demo, TeamDoherty, SigmaD

## Still in bed:

Fyorl

## Minutes:

### Actions to be done straight after meeting:

**Action**: Mulletron to explain to Agaeki about aurora.  
**Action**: TeamDoherty/Agaeki to get gaming password.

### Emails:

  - Coventry Uni haven’t replied to the e-mail about varsity gaming.
  - CompSoc exec gets a lot of spam.
  - Spam filters will filter /everything/.  
    **Action**: Exec to test individual e-mails

### Company contacts:

  - Waiting on Connor for company contacts

### Budget:

  - Agaeki should install Open Office so he can look at it.
  - If there is ban 80 percent overlap between PS3 and Xbox games, it might be better to buy a Wii.
  - George wants arcade controllers for street fighter 4, which cost in the region of £30-100.
  - New Rock Band pedals are needed.
  - ‘Use more duct tape’-Mulletron
  - At the same density, duct tape is stronger than wood.
  - Zed0 wants monopoly.
  - ‘Customise with campus, DCS can be Mayfair.’ - Agaeki  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to research consoles.

### Remaining money needs to be spent, good ideas are:

  - Ethernet cables.
  - Stackable boxes.
  - Backup hardware for the servers.

### Not such a great idea:

  - 6 PS3s to create a supercomputer.

### CompSoc library:

  - People may read PC gamer or similar.
  - ‘I get my information from the internet.’ - MrWilson
  - ‘Buy the internet.’ - TeamDoherty
  - People seemed lukewarm about the idea of subscriptions.

### Events:

  - Dirtus is not present
  - Football has been booked.

### Agaeki’s Salsa dancing:

  - If we put Agaeki’s sister in event title, guaranteed attendance.  
    ’~~I like computers and manly things… …but I wouldn’t mind dancing… …I do like computers as well…’~~ MrWilson

### Clothing:

  - Large orders are a pain to organize.
  - It would be more efficient for people to buy individual products from the website.  
    **Action** Find out the costs for above system.

### Gaming:

  - Fyorl informs us over the phone that the Diablo2 interface is up.
  - Rock Band needs more downloadable content.
  - ‘Still alive every 5 minutes you say?’ - Zed0
  - Only Bucko is allowed to play Touhou, being one of the few people to own original copies of the games.

### Admin:

  - MrWilson did not go to the president’s meeting but went to see James.
  - There is some Warwick advantage stuff from James - for exec members mainly.
  - Exec handover form has been handed in.

### LAN Discussion:

  - ‘Microwave for LAN?’ - Zed0
  - ‘No, No, No, No’ - Mulletron
  - Bringing kettle to LAN is also a bad idea.
  - There is a train from Plymouth to Aberdeen, a 10 hour direct line.
  - Train LAN is surprisingly feasible.
  - ‘Aside from being insane - quite an interesting idea’ - Mulletron

### Misc:

  - Nobody knew when the exec meeting was, exec meetings need to be better publicised.
  - There has to be a ‘close’ relationship between gaming president and officer.
  - MrWilson ‘borrows’ haribo.
  - MrWilson attempts to not choke on haribo.
  - MahjongSoc would have weekly meetings in gaming.

## Next meeting:

  - After the Easter Holiday.
