+++
title = "Minutes 30/4/2010"
date = "2010-04-30"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-3042010-1474488909666/"
+++

## Present:

Cranman, Dangerman, Sinjo, Dirtus, Fyorl, Agaeki, Azurit, Connorhd, Artalyx, TeamDoherty, Zed0, SigmaD, Monk

## Apologies:

MrWilson

## Minutes:

### ProgComp:

  - 2 entries, 1 eligible.
  - £400 to spend on progcomp prizes throughout the year.
  - Spend most of the money on the LAN speed progcomp (week 5).
  - Accenture are just like CompSoc, but are a successful business.  
    **Action**: SigmaD to talk to MrWilson about ProgComp.
  - As the website explicitly said netbook, Connor will buy the prize for the only valid entry(Artalyx).  
    **Action**: Connor to buy netbook.
  - Artalyx has no preference concerning the processor type of his netbook.
  - ‘Make sure it has Fedora.’ - Fyorl

### Bloomberg e-mail:

  - Day in London for societies to pitch, best societies win £2000.
  - Academic in nature, so for MrWilson to deal with.  
    **Action**: MrWilson to respond to the e-mail.

### Buying Things:

  - Server upgrades still need buying.(Connor’s shopping list)
  - Rockband pedals/DLC and other things also need buying.
  - Azurit would like Backus to be updated (because he ‘nommed’ all the free space.)  
    **Action**: Fyorl/Azurit to fix Backus  
    **Action**: Azurit to send e-mail containing other things to buy to Cranman.  
    **Action**: Cranman to buy these things once his accommodation cheque clears. Also, check money in capital account.

<!-- end list -->

  - Compsoc could buy a 42 inch TV to attach to a server.
  - Sinjo suggests setting up a command centre in DCS.

### Academic Talks:

  - There should be at least a couple this term.
  - We have £150 of IBM sponsorship, that could be used for food/drink/pizza at talks.
  - Sinjo suggests buying 5 Beast pizzas for the talk.
  - ‘Will that just create a black hole?’ - Monk
  - A Pokemon talk is unnecessary; all Monk’s talks are about pokemon.

### Game Tournaments:

  - In the SF4 tournament, there were \~10 people from outside the society.
  - Gaming tournaments don’t require a lot of effort, just a week of advertising through posters beforehand.  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to think about this.

### E-mails/Minutes

  - The ACTIONS from the minutes will be sent to the compsoc-discuss mailing list and link to minutes.
  - The Exec are signed up to the compsoc discuss mailing list.

### LAN:

  - Buy the boxes for stuff before the LAN.
  - Talk to Roger for the trolley before the LAN.
  - Maybe somebody should draw a diagram for the power cable configuration.  
    **Action**: Somebody should measure the cupboard and buy boxes with lids, so they can be stacked.

<!-- end list -->

  - Cranman: Zed0 is an engineer, he can make boxes, right?
  - Zed0: I can do lasers.

### Game Testing:

  - E-mail from Freestar games, about a games testing session.  
    **Action**: TeamDoherty to respond to the testing e-mail.

### Gaming:

  - Steam forced a new user interface which doesn’t work.
  - Check versions of wine until steam works.
  - Monk found a linux-compatible worms clone, ‘hedge wars’
  - Azurit got Star Trek bridge commander working.
  - Agaeki crated an event for the TF2 tournament.

### Paint-ball:

  - Takes place next weekend.
  - The sign-up deadline should be extended.
  - Should be the the title of the newsletter.
  - Details about the event in the topic.
  - Dirtus will try to enlist more people at gaming.
  - (Paint-ball has since been delayed)
