+++
title="Term 1 Meeting Minutes with DCS (04/10/2023)"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Discussing DCS and UWCS matters 

<!-- more -->

## Attendance
- Lea
- James
- Richard
- Alex D.
- Mat
- Alia
- Edmund
- Samit
- Josh R.
- Alex W.
- Icen
- Josh H.
- Morgan
- Joel
- Shivani
- Skiros
- Preya
- Serene

## AGENDA I: Introductions
- Hi. We exist!
	
## AGENDA II: Any new members/role changes
- We exist again! 
	
## AGENDA III: Events
- **Department**
  - Careers
    - Alex said there will be careers events, and if any UWCS exec wants to help out they are always open to it
    - Unitemps: when trying to log hours, access website during quieter times and add one day at a time
    - End of term socials (Term 1 & Term 2)
      - Christmas Social, Computing can help â‡’ will be booked
        - Will occur in Fusion because Esports is moving
        - Society will set up games for event
      - One will be held in department and one out of it
    - Game Jam / Innovation
      - Alex Dixon will organise
        -  One will be computer game design, and the other will be entreprenurial
          - Cash prizes ðŸ’°
      - Week 3 to Week 5, same format as last year including the showcase (happening in Term 2)
      - First session was about pairing people with similar interests to develop groups
      - Difficult to organise around coursework deadlines
- **Society**
  - Comp CafÃ©
    - Send event details about Comp CafÃ© and it can be advertised in DCS newsletters
    - Free vending machines
      - Will continue running
    - No more financial support needed, we are happy thank you :)
  - Computing Ball
    - DCS offers support
      - Potential venues in the field (500 - 600 people)
      - DCS can book a venue out
        - Can possibly pay for the venue (must be on campus)
        - Only can advertise if venue is off-campus
      - We are estimating we will offer 200 to 250 tickets
        - Last year the cost was 40 pounds per ticket if a member, 60 pounds otherwise (members could also buy multiple tickets though)
      - Subsidising DCS students was also offered
        - Department needs to see how much they can do along with how much they can rent
      - If there is a minimum of 500 then DCS and UWCS can collaborate and DCS will officially host it
    - Possibly completely hosted by department instead of society
      - SU makes it problematic for society in terms of event and payment
      - Department could invoice society if needed
    - Last year had a working group to organise it, this will be repeated this year
    - Food allergies and alcohol are the biggest isues to deal with
  - Networking Events
    - Optiver and Qube want to collaborate in hosting events with recruiters and speakers, DCS might be interested in collaborating
      - Society should not promise any solid numbers
      - Oliver Twins scary story
    - UWCS wants to book a room for the events
    - CÍŸoÍŸnÍŸtÍŸaÍŸcÍŸtÍŸ ÍŸAÍŸlÍŸeÍŸxÍŸ ÍŸDÍŸiÍŸxÍŸoÍŸnÍŸ ÍŸfÍŸoÍŸrÍŸ ÍŸcÍŸaÍŸrÍŸeÍŸeÍŸrÍŸsÍŸ ÍŸeÍŸvÍŸeÍŸnÍŸtÍŸsÍŸ
    - Talks have to be interesting, not just about the company and their API
    - If labs/rooms are used for an event out of teaching time, a member of staff has to be nearby
      - CS0.01 is easier because we always have access
      - Other room on campus where we can have access regardless through room booking system
      - Atrium is accessible 24 hours for all students
        - Just don't leave a mess and put garbage in proper bin
        - Labs should not have food
  - Hackathon
    - October 28th and 29th a hackathon is planned
      - May not be best timing because one week after IBM hackathon
    - DCS is happy to advertise
  - Study and Revision sessions
    - Coursework sessions are not supported by DCS due to plagiarism
      - UWCS needs to avoid the incident of third year and should avoid coursework study session
    - First-year revision cram sessions for example
    - Just avoid plagiarism issues with the department
    - Debugging session/workshop would be supported
  - Git Better session
    - Run after software engineering session
      - Want list of topics to be covered and how it works with module
     
## AGENDA IV: Wild Cards â€“ Create a Bespoke Student Led Event (funded by dept.)
 - Department is looking for inclusivity events
   - Morgan/Preya creates a bespoke student-led event
     - Guest speakers, lab, history of LBTQ+ in computer science, etc
     - Can be run in term two
     - Brainstorm ideas and get back to department about it
       - Offering catering
       - Offering other academic support
 - Ada Lovelace Day
   - Send slide with details for TV and for publicizing

## AGENDA V: Communications 
- Newsletter
  - More ongoing communications in DCS newsletter
    - They are happy to put events in their newsletter
      - Upcoming events, reactions from SSLC student feedback
      - Hard to embed newsletter in email to avoid clicking link
      - Comes out Week 1, Week 5, and Week 10
      - Just put banner and link to page needed
- Discord
- Events Page
- Notice Board
  - Allocate to exec so they can get filled up
    - Society has one board on the right of CS0.07, one in the kitchen area, and one in CS0.01
    - SSLC Board also present
- Student Handbook
  - Encourage students to read it
    - Email will be sent about it
    - Assessments page now has been revised to include large language modules (GPT), module organisers can have their own statement on it and will include it in their module
    - Don't take the piss, give credit if you use it
      - Overuse can result in academic call of misconduct
  - Might be worth mentioning in discord with start of academic year
		
## AGENDA VI: Technical
- Additional Storage
  - â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ
    - Richard did not want this to be mentioned
  - We have a new cupboard!
    - Lea will find how to get the keys for it
- Xbox Controllers
  - Possibly get everything from USB subsystem
  - University rules make it difficult :wah:
  - Steam rules attempting to use kernel module in order to get xbox controllers working on DCS machines
    - DCS system controlled by them, not by university so cannot allow all devices access
      - Particular devices can be added
      - Alex Wright will write down each device needed
    - Network speed tends to drop after attempting specific downloads
      - Steam cannot download well because of how slow it is
- Decommissioned Cluster
  - Asked nearby store for server but did not respond and did not provide in the end
    - Requested server might not be decomissioned yet
  - Tech team using 5 Amps but lowered to 3
    - Can be quite a lot more if we get more servers
    - Not very easy to use server asked for due to demands
    - All machines in DCS have quite good GPUs
  - Joey mentioned the value of using the server and fiddling with the racks
    

## AGENDA VII: Other

- Buy calculators in bulk and put in welcome packs (like engineering)
  - Add DCS logo and won't arrive for three months!
- DCS Quiz
  - Run by James and Alex D.
  - Slides cannot be shared sadly :(
- CS0.01 and CS0.06 are always open all hours, not others because of university regulations
  - MB building is slightly different
- Batch compute cluster with GPU and CPUs, all available in university guide
