+++
title = "2026 Winter Publicity Meeting Minutes"
date = "2026-01-05T19:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Reviewing T1 & Feedback, Planning T2 Publicity Matters
<!-- more -->

# Agenda (Minutes Next Section)
Note:
- Raven Lucia (RL)

## Agenda 1: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- On 16/12, a Term 1 Feedback form was circulated via a Discord announcement and email to all members
- Relevant details to each meeting being added to agendas
- Hearing about events: 100% responded Discord & newsletter, ~40% IG, “Other” ~20% (incl. in-person)

- Communication
   - Feedback received
      - Known & convenient event times - 100%
      - Known & convenient locations - ~60%
      - Known event purpose - ~80%
      - Easy to find event details - ~60%
      - Engaged & included by event comms - ~60%
      - Known sober exec - ~80%

      - Some confusion over event end times
   - RL: Some suggested action points
      - Add end times to stuff like calendar and weekly posts (consistent with newsletter & events website etc) - preferable to keep consistent in the posts made for individual events as well (some have end times, some don’t)
      - Generally for half-termly calendar, helpful to also add missing start times in, locations - if there’s too much wrt space constraints, at least signpost to be like “find out more via https://events.uwcs.co.uk” or similar
      - Possibly more use of post text for mentioning of sober exec etc?

## Agenda 2: T2 Socs Fair
- Tuesday Week 2 - can we get flyers similar to the Welcome Week socs fair ones in time?

## Agenda 3: Upcoming Publicity
- Ball publicity
- Week 1 post
- Half-termly post
- Meet the freps

## Agenda 4: Misc
- Co-opting possibility?

# Minutes
## Attendance
- Ray 
- Josh
- Tara 
- Harmony
- Kashu
- Raven

## Agenda I: T1 Feedback
- Some action points noted
    - Add (rough) end times to calendar events
    - Add start times/locations to the half-termly calendar, or signpost with a link to the events site
        - Possibly a bad idea if it has to be updated last minute

## Agenda II: T2 Socs Fair
- Tara did the flyers for socs fair last term
    - Hello Print was used last time
    - Question of how many - we didn't go through all of them in Welcome Week, probably less than last time
        - We think 400-600 were ordered last time
        - Order 100-200
        - Could order some that are the schedule, and some that aren't time sensitive (with no schedule) and they're reusable if we have some leftover
    - Should be able to get them by W2 Tuesday
    - There's currently no sports mentioned on them
- Should include the half term schedule
- Hand out chocolate/sweets at the socs fair to get people to come over

## Agenda III: Upcoming Publicity
- Week 1 post by this weekend
- Half termly post - all events should be in by Monday so post should be out end of next week ideally
- Harmony: Ball publicity 
    - Thomas wants ball publicity out next Monday ideally
    - Harmony is working on it
- Meet the freps post
    - Harm left files on other computer (in Coventry), so will have to wait until they're back at uni

## Agenda IV: Misc
- Co-opting
    - Don't think it's necessary, the main big thing is ball which is handled
    - WASD is mostly being handled in house
    - If workload pics up, someone can pick stuff up/co-opting is an option
- Events generator was clarified by Raven