+++
title = "2026 Winter Sports Meeting Minutes"
date = "2026-01-05T14:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Reviewing T1 & Feedback, Planning T2 Sports Events
<!-- more -->

# Agenda (Minutes Next Section)
Note:
- Raven Lucia (RL)

## Agenda I: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- Comms
   - Run Club praised for good comms
- Events
   - All responses satisfied
   - Only other comment was "RUN CLUB WOOOOOOOOOO (ignore that I've not been coming recently)"
    - RL: RUN CLUB WOOOOOOOOOO indeed

## Agenda II: Events
- Reflection on Term 1 Events
   - RL: Minor note - some stuff e.g. WBL didnâ€™t make it to the same info sources (e.g. newsletter, events website). Helpful to do for accessibility & consistency

- Term 2 Event plans
   - RL: Connected to other note, pls make sure stuff like football makes it onto the events website (tennis already there as a draft event)

## Agenda III: Misc
- Jakub - Tennis with CodeSoc

# Minutes
## Attendance
- Zach
- Alfie
- Raven
- Josh
- Jakub

## Agenda I: T1 Feedback Form

- Check event feedback form overall when posted in mb-announcements
- Sports praised for event comms
- All respondents satisfied with sports events - incl "RUN CLUB WOOOOOOOOOO"

## Agenda II: Events

- Run Club going well
	- Zach & Alfie leading
	- Same timeslot
	- Zach to add to the events website tonight, ask Raven if issues

- WBL
	- Won the league T1, well done us!
	- Plan to do WBL again T2, prolly Thursday/Friday
	- Sometimes e.g. WBL doesn't have info available till shortly before
	- Makes e.g. adding to events website & newsletter difficult
	- Helpful to at least add retrospectively, helps engagement
	- Jakub to do for WBL, Alfie for football
	- Jakub doesn't think event clashes will be an issue
		- Response to Raven concern about event clashes T1 (MW & Lovelace & Wildcards, BFL & Bowling etc)
	- Jakub to email Lea to ask about trophy case

- Football
	- Alfie to add football to events website
	- Similar plans to basketball

- Tennis
	- Jakub leading
	- One-off happening W1 Sun 12:00 - 14:00
	- Event published on website by Jakub
	- W0 Sat morning plan - IG post & Google form (whether attending & has racquet) & Discord announce - Jakub already drafted
	- Synced with Codesoc
	- W0 Sun book courts - may open midnight, Jakub to be on it
	- Split cost 50/50 with Codesoc for courts & racquets

- Zach to look at possible (semi-)regular climbing get-together

- W5 events onwards to be looked at W4 onwards
	- Preference for more outdoors events when more sunlight
	- Formalise not aforementioned ideas for later in T2 rather than having lower turnout when it's dark
		- Zach hopes to scout out hike for ~W9-W10, assuming good weather