+++
title = "2026 Winter Socials Meeting Minutes"
date = "2026-01-06T16:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Reviewing T1 & Feedback, Planning T2 Socials Events
<!-- more -->

# Agenda (Minutes Next Section)
Note:
- Raven Lucia (RL)

## Agenda I: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- Comms
   - Last few drinking socials advertised well, with it being very clear who sober exec are
      - RL: Have noted in sec agenda, helpful to try finalise sober exec slightly further ahead to plug the gap of them not being in the newsletter sometimes (make sure to add on events website to help with this)

   - Known & convenient event times - 100%
   - Known & convenient locations - ~60%
   - Known event purpose - ~80%
   - Easy to find event details - ~60%
   - Engaged & included by event comms - ~60%
   - Known sober exec - ~80%

- Inclusion
   - 100% responded “yes” to the safe, welcome & included general question
      - RL: Yay! Worth noting that there's always things we can be doing better and the responses aren't necessarily reflective of everyone in the soc, but it's a good sign!

   - Pub meals
      - Praised generally
      - Comment about exec leaving early without telling anyone
         - RL: Suspect this is connected to the Duck debate, unfortunately no comments on it here
   - Circles
      - Some only went to 80s circle
      - Later circles - people felt comfortable and not overly pressured into doing things
         - RL: Notable improvement
      - Comment on 80s circle - felt very welcoming (RL: Also notable improvement, evidenced by turnout as well), sober exec communicated well. Games were “fine” but could have been more intense. Also commented [redacted] kept breaking circle rules, which they found disappointing
      - One respondent said pub traversals & esp circling can feel “isolating”

- General events points
   - All responses satisfied
   - Sober exec praised (incl. directly mentioning knowing exactly who to go to)
      - RL: Pointing out sober exec imo still an area that could be improved, from my perspective as Welfare
      - Comments from Wildcards noted that at least one non-man sober exec makes them more likely to engage with the event (e.g. pub traversal) - connected to comments (to be) mentioned in Gender Inclusivity agenda wrt comments on intimidation factor starting back at Welfare talk from being introduced to 2 male pres’ and a male social sec - links to my personal concerns from start of exec cycle wrt having two male-presenting Welfare Officers
         - RL: Gender variance seemed to gel well with circles
   - Opinions to avoid pub traversals at the end of Week 10

## Agenda II: Sober Socials
- Lazer Tag should be rerun toward the start of this term, possibly week 2 / 3 - Tickets should cost about £15pp for an hour total of gametime (2 hours at the place).
   - Publicity out for this during Week 1 
   - RL: Keep planning pack deadline & ticket sale turnaround in mind, may be difficult to do too early in term
- Another event with Luna, possibly another cooking event? (Petition to cook Pizza) - Week 5ish (Tues or Thurs) - Speak with Tom F
- Go-Karting revival? Worked really well last year and I think there’s certainly still a market for it. Could be later in the term (Week 8?)
   - Big ticketed “Frep” Event - I (Willow) happy to hand off planning pack for Lazer tag/Go-Karting to Odin, would be nice to include other freps I.e Treasurer Frep on the planning for this, maybe co-ordinate with gaming freps for Luna event?
- Want to do some more “filler” socials
   - Movie Night (Arden/Felden cinema rooms)
   - Arts & Crafts - Wanna run an event to tie in with ball - something royal court themed, maybe make some decorations & such (could ask if Techcrew r throwing out cardboard/paint/etc) (X-Soc)
- Ice Skating again?
- EOT Meal - could do an all you can eat buffet?
    - RL: New one opening in Cov next to Five Guys
- Poker Tournament with Pride & A@W (pre-discussed with Raven (A@W Pres) and Lillian (Pride co-pres). In favour of ditching PokerSoc as they use real money, and we are already doing x-soc events (Ball) next term.
    - RL: FNG could be a good env to run this in (similar to D&D + social deduction games w/ Mafia done prev)
- Taskmaster with Cyber - chase up with Peter
- Milk Monday week 6/7 (reading week)
- Tea++ revival (theft if i have nothing else to do tbh)
  - RL: Happy to help with setting this up, planning pack from last year should be in exec inbox, point of contact at Curio is Kayleigh Watkins (kayleigh.watkins@warwicksu.com) - subsidised by “reserving” tables at £25 per table, then giving out tokens (for Tea++ and Welcome Week Wildcards Curio, £100 was put towards it, and £4 off tokens given out). Get in touch with Lea Barton (Lea.F.Barton@warwick.ac.uk) if we want to try get DCS to fund it - fair warning, can take a bit of back and forthing

## Agenda III: Non-sober socials
- Pub (As always) - Already booked Phoach week 1
- Is it worth sacking off Duck & prioritising Phoach? Potentially branching out to Varsity once in a while or other local pubs (E.g., Phoach Phoach Varsity, repeat)
- Real Ale are offering £30 drink vouchers if 10 people come with us, thoughts? Will need to get back to them ASAP. 

- Pub Crawl Week 4 (Saturday) & Week 10 (Thursday) - potentially another Cov pub crawl? 
- Could do a pub golf 
- Want to implement some themed pub crawls - will include themes from circle themes

- Bottomless Brunch!!!!!! Week 4 Wednesday (Would end up conflicting with Wildcards for student deals :c ) 
- BioSoc reached out about a STEM collab drinking event. Not sure what this is about yet, further enquiry needed

- Circles!!!!!
- Circles booked for w2 & w6, will see about kelseys if needed
   - Would like to run a circle in Fusion (Offbeat have expressed wishes to potentially collab with us again on this)
   -  - Could have a look at some other collabs? E.g., Maths, Engineering, A@W? CodeSoc/WAI, Cyber
      - RL (from pov as A@W pres): imo [redacted] A@W circles are relatively incompatible for collabs (e.g. we don’t do them in Copper Rooms for accessibility reasons)

Themes:
- Goth Circle
- Favourite Singer/Artist
- Discord Moderators & E-Kittens
- Rhyme without a Reason
- British Icons
- Dress up for the wrong event
- First letter of your name
- Famous Vines/Memes

# Minutes
## Attendance
- Josh
- Crystal
- Raven
- Thomas
- Odin
- Willow

## Agenda I: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- Sober Exec
  - Newsletters and instagram sometimes do not include the sober execs
    - Post request should include sober exec
  - Should have sober execs finalised earlier (at least 1 that isn't a guy)
  - Consider getting freps to be sober execs
- Pub Crawl
  - Avoid week 10
- Circles
  - Engage with everyone equally to ensure nobody feels left out
  - Refer to people with their names
  - Always point out the sober execs at the beginning at the centre
- Pub Meals
  - Don't undermind Duck for Phoach (ppl tend to poach Duck ppl to Phoach)

## Agenda II: Sober Socials
- Laser Tag
  - Specifically not week 5 (due to WASD)
  - Lower barier of engagement (should prioritise)
- Go Karting
  - Event demand exists
  - Transportation: Bus 14
- Collab with Luna
  - Late Week 2 to early Week 3
    - Around the time when students find for accoms
  - Pizza Baking Event
  - Consider timing to avoid clashes
- More Filler Social Events
  - Eg movie night, ice skating (week 4), poker tournament (week 6), end of term meal (DAIU), Milk Monday (week 6), Tea++, Bottomless Brunch (Week 4)
  - Timing for Poker Tournament
    - Might be during FNG (require discussion)

## Agenda III: Non-sober socials
- Pub Crawl (Week 4 and 10)
  - Avoid week 10 for a pub crawl (maybe week 9)
  - Potentially themed
- Circles (Week 2 and week 6)
  - Potentially collab with Offbeat (Week 3)
  - Should announce circle theme in advance - allows time for costume purchase
  - Theme: Dress up for wrong event + Odin chooses