+++
title = "2026 Winter Gaming Meeting Minutes"
date = "2026-01-04T15:00:00Z"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Reviewing T1 & Feedback, Planning T2 Gaming Activities
<!-- more -->

# Agenda (Minutes Next Section)
Note:
- Raven Lucia (RL)

## Agenda I: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- Communication
   - FNG praised for good event comms
- Inclusion
   - Gaming praised for making members feel safe, welcome & included
      - Included notable shout-out for clear support & inclusion of gender minorities
         - RL: Definitely positive & an improvement from before, however cautious against lull into false sense of security. Still quite male-dominated events, which is not inherently unexpected given the primary demographic we pull from (ie DCS students - 80/20 split iirc?), but often more we can do wrt this - similar to inclusion generally, some positive responses are good but don’t necessarily mean there’s nothing left to do (uncomfortable people less likely to say as much)
   - One comment thinks that inclusion at some group events e.g. at LAN could be improved - no extra details given
- Events
   - All responses satisfied
   - Suggestion for more inclusion on participants’ gaming suggestions e.g. through rolling form
      - RL: iirc there is/used to be a form for this that we could revive - or create another similar to the board games one. Worth noting budget constraints & others can be a limiting factor.
   - Suggestion for LAN-like sub-events at FNG
      - RL: Not against themed things/running particular games e.g. like happens in CS0.07. However, imo the value in FNG is not in turning it into a mini-LAN every week - ie I wouldn’t want to detract from LAN, and I think overdoing sub-events/similar will be large overhead for extremely variable engagement
         - RL: Special one-offs like D&D and social deduction games (w/ Mafia) work pretty well - extends idea from BFL of getting people engaged with a wider circle via other socs too. Possible UWCS x A@W x Pride poker collab as per social agenda.
   - BFSL comment about bad placement of VR headset
      - RL: this was originally a limitation bc of goofiness around quiz setup & monitor stands having despawned. Defo could have been moved when quiz wasn’t a consideration though
   - Scavenger hunt praised as an amazing idea
      - A respondent says they were busy with coursework, but enjoyed watching people take part
      - Suggestion to make annual event "like Chicago Uni".
         - RL: Scav hunt into LAN T3 would go hard - if we managed to [redacted] that would go HARD AF
   - Request to repeat Wii Sports Tournament at a future LAN
      - RL: Will be noted for next LAN (provisionally T3, next exec cycle). Could also be run at an FNG during T2

## Agenda II: Equipment/Purchases
- More batteries - annoying lack of them for the controllers
   - New (larger) battery charger as well maybe?
- More USB-C cables - e.g. Valve Index being charged by 1ft cables is unhelpful
   - More 6ft Anker cables
- USB-C to USB-C hub - LZ request
- Possibly raid tech budget for above 2

- RL & RB put getting a sim racing rig into their manifesto/speech
   - This is going ahead (likely done when this meeting happens)
   - CeX for Logitech G920 steering wheel & pedals (£145 Grade A, £125 Grade B, RRP is £350), shifter (£25, RRP £55)
   - F1 25 half-price on Steam till Jan 5th (£24.99)
   - Max cost ~£195, min cost (B wheel + F1 25) ~£150 - currently £249 left in games & petty budget
- LZ game suggestions:
   - Yomi Hustle
   - GG Strive
   - Nubby’s Number Factory
   - Getting Over It
- SK suggests Upload VR Winter 2025 Bundle from Humble Bundle (9 for £15.44)
- We have been gifted Garfield Lasagna Party
- More switch 2 games: not cheap at all, depends on how much budget we have left
- Fix the clone hero drums/get another controller (again, not particularly major, it’s really if budget allows which probably not)

## Agenda III: Events
- FNG is happening
   - Virtually never ends by 2am - backed by “FNG is kill” messages sent by RL & others - RL changed end time on events site to 5am, not expecting people to have to stay that late
   - Pref say about availability for setup, packdown & snack run a bit more beforehand - any unavailability to declare now?
      - RL: Happy with doing my chase-ups, but timings of those are a bit chaotic ie could be helpful to do those a bit earlier and be more proactive
   - Democracy is being respected
      - FNG named correctly
      - Wii has been jailbroken
   - Snacks etc
      - Costco works
      - Disposable cups rather than cans cut down massively on waste (remaining waste far easier to clean up), plus cheaper
         - Prolly worth reminding people to tidy up after themselves - we’re not janitors
         - Serving from Atrium helped with this issue

- WASD is happening
   - Submissions open till 31st Jan
   - Happening 14th-15th Feb
   - Setup clash slightly with W5 FNG - RL to give more details ahead of then
   - RL to do planning pack (base off FM’s one from last year)
   - Shilling sensible for T2 socs fair (Tues Week 2)
   - Other points deferred to WASD server

- LAN is not happening
   - Locked in to scrap T2 LAN from RL’s original BFL proposal on 25/06
      - Coursework grind etc has made T2 LAN fall through multiple times previously
      - Made more sense to not waste effort planning an event that was almost certain to fall through (RL is going to be buried by their degree T2, softeng & other culprits gonna hurt the others’ sanity a lot), and instead make BFL a mega-event
   - BFL post-mortem
      - Prev comments by RL - summary to be done once I’m not dead inside

## Agenda IV: AGM & Handover
- Helpful to have a think about advertising about new gamers early on, and do outreach
- RL: Finn & Krister’s handover doc is pretty exemplary imo, are there any missing bits of info that would be helpful
   - RL: Connected, I’m acutely aware of knowledge skew wrt me - may be my last term as exec, so esp important to flag any areas that need documenting, both generally, but esp if there’s something I’ve primarily handled
      - e.g. DCS Tech comms, circulating stuff on TVs, via dept newsletters. LIB2 shenanigans wrt Estates (plus probs helpful to mention more about networking PC etc). Any others?
   - Soft-launch for new gamers (sorta like FM & KH did with us last year) would be sensible - quite an intense role to get used to & a lot to take in

## Agenda V: Misc

# Minutes
## Attendance
- Josh
- Crystal
- Raven
- Lyon
- Laina
- Arda
- Harmony

## Agenda I: Term 1 Feedback Form Info By Welfare (points by RL)
- Read through the events feedback form (useful)

## Agenda II: Equipment/Purchases
- Obtain more batteries due to high demand
- Invest in USB extensions + more USB cables
- Get a controller (ideally a USB version)
- Transfer food budget in LAN to investment in equipments (if needed)

## Agenda III: Events
- FNG
  - Indicate that FNG lasts until *late*
  - Ensure event doesn't end on discord events (misdirecting)
- Clarify availability 1+ week before FNG to prevent exec shortage
- Remind people (eg announcements, talking) to clean up after themselves
- Scavenger Hunt
  - Potentially make it into a tradition
  - Create a budget
  - Get inspiration from the uni of Chicago Scavenger Hunt
- WASD
  - FNG Desktop Wallpaper could include adverts
    - Eg ball and WASD
  - Let people try to do runs/practices at FNG
  - Create leaflets for promotion + awareness
- LAN
  - Don't bother with Term 2 LAN based on previous experiences
- Collaboration
 - Potential poker event during FNG (Willow is leading discussion)

## Agenda IV: AGM & Handover
- Handover FNG after the AGM
- Are able to reuse the handover details for Gaming (was exemplary from last year)

## Agenda V: Misc
- To reach out to more freshers directly to pitch FNG
- Add department into department newsletter + socs fair + WASD to pitch FNG
- Themed Sub Events
  - Potentially at FNG (could create more engagement)
  - FNG is very open minded and people don't know what to do

## To Do Tasks:
- Raven to automate FNG announcement using Apollo