+++
title = "End of Term 1 Meeting Minutes"
date = "2022-12-30T19:15:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/end-of-term-1-meeting-minutes/"    
+++

<p data-block-key="zrmhu">A review of the last term, and the dumb stuff we are planning for next term!</p>

<!-- more -->

# Agenda

- Term 1 Debrief?
- Tech
    - New Server Recap
    - Organisation going forward
    - Tech team?
    - What to do with dust2
- Ball?
    - Who helping?
    - When? Term 3 W2/3
    - DCS involvement?
    - Location & Theme
- WASD
    - Feb 11-12th
    - Whoâ€™s around?
    - Any organizers?
- Academic
    - LTs debrief?
    - Talks next term
    - Workshops/courses?
    - Freshers Event
- Treasurer review
- Term 2 timetable
    - Socials
    - Academic events
        - Qube x UWCS Challenge
        - G-research

# Minutes

- Migrate exec-priv to forum channel now we have those?

## Tech

- New website work vaguely started
    - Zola, Alex has started some bits a while back
    - Brendan interested in helping
- Treasurer Report: still a lot of money

### Servers

- Localtoast is our new server!
- Spent less than expected on servers
- Can sell on spare bits of servers
- Spent quite a bit on cameras
- Upgrade existing somewhat (RAM to dust2 and berillyum at least)

Overall server plan as it stands

- Lovelace is gateway server - dns, ports, ldap
- Hopper & milner: general shell account stuff?
- Berillyum: exec stuff in containers
- Dust2: screwing around with
- Localtoast: Members stuff, containers, etc.

Tech Team

- We now have wiki - access is cursed for now
- Build new PC - workshop?
    - Change PSU on Big O
    - Small form factor? - bit more interesting to build & cupboard space
- Progcomp marker - update, dockerize
    - Dockerize and open source things for dcspkg and apollo - Joey
    - Qube prog comp next term? - we get them to write a couple, include the actually good ones
- Gonna wipe old servers - announce migrate off soon & wipe W1

## Academic

- Leo wants to do a full talk - ideally not the same as last time
    - What weeks can Leo do?
- Accenture interested in another talk - in person this time
    - Only if something actaully interesting and tech
    - But unlikely
    - (started a bit of a sponsor diversion)
- Ask G-Research about a talk and NLP Challenge
- Approach Rebellion approach in spring
    - have had contact - get for unreal course?
- Keegan & Game Design Unreal course
    - Brendan to maybe help
    - Weeks 3-7 maybe - Needs to learn unreal before writing course
    - Will be more blueprint stuff than C++ (later weeks)
- Lighting talk W3 & 8 - have some people already
- Blue Orchid (end of term meal place) was vaguely interested in some sponsor or student deals or something
    - Maybe we say end of term meals there for discount? or general discount % off for members?
- More careers stuff - ask boomers for talks
- 3rd yp talks towards end of term
- Chemsoc comp bio talk - in return for chemcafe? - @Keegan Rimmington
- Chemcafe - not actually that many people interested in Python stuff there
    - Should have as separate session next time
    - Will do physcafe next term
    - Have our own compcafe? See later
- Joey talked to Piotr about CodeSoc mini Java course
    - Looked [REDACTED]
    - Joey wants to do a couple of talks on some useful stuff for waffles replacement
    - Talk to Richard? or someone else related to CS126 for advice or help
- Other possible ideas (talk/workshop):
    - Podman/docker talk @Skiros
    - Assembly (RISCV) @Keegan Rimmington ?
    - QR Code workshop @Keegan Rimmington
				- If we want for beginners, do a beginner session before the interesting one
- Gaming
    - Equipment
        - New index controller (cracked and tracking iffy)
    - LAN W2
        - No specific plans yet
        - Onion contact LAN setup person (Steve from Spectrum Services)
        - Need quite a few events (inc WASD push)
            - Mario Kart at DCS Christmas Party went well
        - Mat wanted to help as PC shuttle if people want to bring their own (as car)
        - Need Rota - especially for overnight
            - Overnight movie night? or long game (civ?)
        - Server over the weekend (Terraria/Minecraft)
        - Fri 7 to Sun 6
    - WASD
        - Announced ðŸŽ‰
        - Encourage signups at events
        - Don't think Esports are especially interested
        - Will be in SU atrium - more visibility
        - Owen had meeting about tech yesterday
        - Some tech weâ€™ll need, but mostly things weâ€™ll need to buy at some point anyway

## Elections

- W6 Fri for elections
    - Someone needs to figure out UWCS Vote
    - And someone to run (returning officer)

## Ball

- Term 3 week 3
- Some people questioning DCS involvement
		- Want to retain full control
    - DCS money needs to be spent on campus
    - Can't hurt for publicity
- People
    - Preya doing WFS ball and Skiros involved in Pride
				- Can borrow some info
    - Mia or Angelica lead commitee
    - Alex, Joey, Owen (probably others) happy to help somewhat
- Subsidise? Skiros thinks is ok, despite usual reading of SU rules?
    - SU rules say event has to break even or profit
    - The general reading is that tickets have to pay for the whole event
    - Skirosâ€™ interpretation is that the SU has to break even, but UWCS funds could contribute to that

### Location

- Village Hotel (Cov), Chesterford Grange (food bit mid - skiros), glass house leam (cyber was there, was underwhelming, but v. pretty location (needs decorating tho))
- Warwick Castle - expensive af @Skiros  check prideâ€™s price tomorrow
- Leam Pump Room: v nice
- Look at warwick castle, riverside glass house, pump room for 50-60 people
    - Maybe up to 100+
    - Likely more people interested than we think

## Social

Events next term:

- Circle W1 TBar then Pop
- W3 circle as well?
- Chemsoc joint social?
- Bletchley park again?
- Ice skating - but expensive

## Publicity

- Obviously, everyoneâ€™s busy, but publicity has been going out a bit late
    - Partly due to publicity not being too proactive
    - Partly being event detailed only finalized last minute
- Brendan proposes Publicity restructure a bit
    - Andreea to do schedule
    - Brendan do *special* events graphics
    - Ella for some more story + routine stuff
    - Inter-publicity comms hasnâ€™t been great
- Process in person pics
- Meeting over christmas

# (Academic) Retrospective

- Welcome week went v well
- Python course when decently, but we pulled more weight
    - Very good initial attendance - drop off W3 - 20-30 people last week
    - Certificates to go out @Keegan Rimmington
- Rust course was very good
    - Maybe add slightly more guidance on the Rust way of doing things
    - CHIP8 spec scared people off
- Maybe have a compcafe
    - MB001 (always empty) Tuesday - @Funk Pigeon contact dept
    - Snacks and cw help and stuff
- Weâ€™ll help with PhysCafe
- Lightning Talks
    - OC003 - too big for number of people
    - Timing was not the best
    - 2nd batch felt better - but was later than ideal (5pm after CtF)
    - Stay with 2 batches - W3 & 8
- Academic talks - alright but then there was Accenture
- Tech Team has been getting into gear
    - Requires non-exec to be (too?) proactive to be involved
    - Have PC Building workshop to get people more interested early next term
- FNG been much better, but skill issue for LANs
- Some sponsors want insta posts in new year

# Actions

- [ ]  Migrate exec-priv to forum channel @Keegan Rimmington

## Tech

- [ ]  Push new site to GitHub @Alex Wright
- [ ]  More work on new site @Alex Wright @brendan (@Keegan Rimmington has some ideas)
- [ ]  Setup some ports and access stuff for localtoast and beryllium @Skiros
- [ ]  Write wiki bits (all tech) - Tech/everyone @Joey to manage
- [ ]  Dockerize and document dcspkg @Joey
- [ ]  Dockerize and document apollo @Owen Connors
- [ ]  Updates to progcomp marker (check issues) @Keegan Rimmington @Owen Connors
- [ ]  Announce wipe of servers @feriks or @Skiros

## Academic

- [ ]  Contact Leo about when talk? @feriks
- [ ]  Contact G-Research about talk @Joey or @Funk Pigeon
- [ ]  Learn Unreal ASAP @Keegan Rimmington
- [ ]  Unreal course @Keegan Rimmington @brendan (?)
- [ ]  Talk to Chemsoc about comp bio talk @Keegan Rimmington
- [ ]  CS118 follow on @Joey
    - [ ]  Talk to Richard about? @brendan
- [ ]  Podman

## Purchase

- [ ]  PSU for Big O - SOMEONE
- [ ]  Index Controller - @Jake

## Longer Term

- [ ]  New PC (workshop?) @Joey
- [ ]  Wipe servers W1
