+++
title = "Pre-Term 2 Meeting Minutes"
date = "2023-01-03T15:48:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/pre-term-2-meeting-minutes/"    
+++

<p data-block-key="goc6b">Mostly figuring out the schedule for term 2</p>

<!-- more -->

# Agenda

(in no particular order yet)

- Tech Plan Recap
- Ball Recap
- WASD: Who and what
- Add perms to ex-exec on Discord?
- Forum channels (how is exec zones going?)
- Talk opportunities (Grads, Leo, Lightning, Sponsors)
- PhysCafe Python
- SCHEDULE for TERM 2
    - Academic
    - Social
    - Gaming
    - Inclusivity
- What we need to publicise

# Minutes

## Loose Ends

### Tech Plan

- Current port and networking settings are a bit of a mess
- Lovelace will be a router because it’s got the ports already
    - Treat the rest like a local network behind lovelace
    - A lot of central soc stuff are now on Berrylium and Dockerised - thanks @Joey
    - Need to redo accounts system to match as well
- New server has been working well, game servers have been running well over holidays
- @feriks or @Alex Wright to sell spare bits of server
- i want my usb stick back lol
- 32GB sticks for dust2 ready to install for shits and giggles
- New drives for localtoast ASAP, its getting full

### Ball Recap

- Still working on venues
- Fair bit on discussion on WhatsApp group about themes
    - Formal-ish
    - Space or Art Deco are ideas atm
- “We need to finalise some things by some point” - @Keegan Rimmington

### WASD

- Have some runners lined up - not as many as we’d like
- Anyone who can help let us know and get put in the helpers channel on WASD server
- Runners Guide soon
- Will have a tech test or two beforehand - some people for those plz

### Discord Stuff

- Ex-exec can ban now
- Exec forum working well
- Gaming forum would be good as well

# Scheduling

## Inclusivity

- No inclusivity officers present
- Was a poll on what to do on group chat
    - Someone check with Preya about poll results
    - “Who will be harassing Preya?" - @Keegan Rimmington
- Planning something?
    - Bowling maybe? Meal as well?
    - Saturdays and Tuesdays are free-est options atm
- Current plan
    1. wed 18th jan : Have a circle before pop 
        
        tues 31 jan : wildcards meal
        
    2. wed 15th feb:  Have a bar crawl before pop
    3. tues 28th fed : wildcards board and video games night
    4. tues 4th : end of tem meal

## Gaming

- FNGs ofc
    - Valentines Day event - force people to play dating sims after AGM election
        - AGM in Oculus probably
- LAN W2
    - Contact power people ASAP @Jake
        - steve@spectrumservices.uk.net apparently
    - Events planned but not set times yet
        - Fix soon so can publicise

## Social

- Circle W1 Wed - TBar
    - Publicity mostly done
    - White shirt theme - we’ll buy sharpies for it
- Pancake Day at Oaks
    - Weekend either side probably
- Laser Tag with Anime & Tabletop
    - No date or confirmation yet - later in term
- Pub Crawl early-mid term (Weekend W3??)
    - @Skiros check with @Matthew Knight
- Bletchley Park Trip again?
- National Trust Soc - they have big discount with NT
    - Touching Grass event?
    - Contact Aaron - @someone
- Leam Picnic probably yeeted
- Some Fresher events plans @Henry
    - Going somewhere
    - CW session? ¬Waffles? Functional?

## Academic

- Advanced Java Talk - not sure if 1 or 2
    - On GitHub, others check plz
    - Maybe one 1.5hr, pizza in middle
    - W1 Wednesday 1pm OC105 - in same room as preceding SoftEng talk
- CompCafe
    - Snacks and work sesh
    - Could embed smaller academic events
    - Start W1 weekly - Thursdays 5/6ish start? wait for timetable
    - Contact Lea and James @Funk Pigeon
- Unreal Course?
    - Game Design not particularly responsive
    - Unlikely, maybe condense for DCS game jam
        - @Owen Connors follow up with Alex Dixon
    - Change to Godot or Game Maker? to make more accessible
    - Maybe do a review of game engines, etc. to get people started
- Docker Talk
    - Current plan is probably not gonna happen - Skiros is v. busy then
    - W2 if others can do it
- Lightning Talks W3
    - @Max McIntyre to chase up
- Grad Talks W4
- G-Research pencilled for W5
- PhysCafe
    - @Alia might be able to do, reuse some ChemCafe?
    - @Joey might have some bits to dig up
    - 2x 90 min on Thurs 4pm
- Various Revision Sessions

## Talks

- Docker talk @Skiros and @Joey
    - Have some (minor) technical practical bit
- Leo - Soft Eng talk - kinda similar to last years
- Lightning Talks
    - We have a few already - one dropped out from last batch
    - W3 & 7 planned atm
- A lot of half offers from people - quite a few grads
    - Need to match people and slots
- Perhaps combine into 4x 30 min talks - know a couple are too short to make a standalone thing, but too long for lightning talks
- @Joey to contact G-Research if they want to do something (like their NLP challenge)
- @Keegan Rimmington to contact Qube about Progcomp with them
- Comp Bio Talk to contact @Keegan Rimmington @Owen Connors

## Sponsors

- @Joey and @Funk Pigeon to review posts and obligations
    - And G-Research about talks and NLP

# Publicity Posts

- Term 1 Recap?
- This week
    - Term 2 Overview
    - Term 2 Timetable (first half) - @Ella Horne
    - What is CompCafe - can be simple
    - Advanced Java Talk
    - Circle - @brendan
- LAN graphics - next week
    - Waiting on times for events
- End of week 2 for elections announcement post
    - Membership cut-off w4, actual event w6

# Actions

- @Skiros and @Joey Docker talk
- @Joey to email G-Research if they want to do something
- @Keegan Rimmington to email Qube about Progcomp with them
- @Joey and @Funk Pigeon to review posts and obligations to sponsors
- @Funk Pigeon Contact Lea and James about CompCafe
- @Skiros check with @Matthew Knight about Pub Crawl
- @Alia (and @Joey ) PhysCafe prep
- @Owen Connors follow up with Alex Dixon about DCS Game Jam thing
- @Max McIntyre to chase up Lightning Talks
- @Jake and Gaming to finish LAN events
