+++
title = "Minutes 27-02-12"
date = "2012-02-28"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-27-02-12-1474488914527/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

## Present:

MrWilson, Cranman, TeamDoherty, zed0, MikeCobra, Goshawk, Moltenfire, James, Ruth, Dirtus, Demo, Daniel.

## Minutes

### Barcraft postmortem

  - General consensus is that people only really want to watch the finals of the event at Barcraft.
  - While the event at the Phantom Coach was successful, it is an inappropriate location for future events. This was due to a number of reasons such as the lack of internet connection and no separate room being available.
  - The unfortunate room clash with the poker players was due to a double booking by the Phantom Coach staff, and was not an issue on our end.
  - The majority of new people were attracted to the event by posters. Print more posters\!
  - Unclear when the next Barcraft will be; the next major event, IEM Hanover, clashes with LAN.

### Super Smash Brothers Melee tournament at LAN

  - The time and date for the tournament was decided as 6pm on Saturday.
  - Ruth will buy the prizes and an additional Gamecube and a VGA splitter will also be purchased.

### Starcraft tournament in term 3

  - Enough interest was shown through emails for a tournament to be held.
  - Groups into an elimination bracket was decided on, with the semi and finals at BFL.
  - Prizes will be purchased nearer the time, clothing was a popular suggestion but sizes are obviously a problem. Ruth suggested just buying them in Adblax’s size.
  - Unfortunately, sound proof booths will not be constructed for the finals.

### Backus hardware updates and goggins replacement

  - A new network card will be bought to hopefully fix Backus, or at least help diagnose the problem further.
  - All services from goggins will be moved over to Estridge on Wednesday or Thursday morning at the latest.

### XING

  - Disappointing turnout last week. The idea of talks was popular, but there are large issues fitting in anything before term ends.
  - In future the departmental lectures could advertise the event to improve its popularity.

### Gaming keys

  - One of the existing sets of keys doesn’t work and new keys will be cut by Mike.

### Weekly Steam gaming session

  - A weekly gaming session will be trialled. The first game will be Killing Floor on a Thursday night.

### Other issues

  - Dijkstra was left out, this was simply a organizational error and better communication is needed in future.
  - Ops will be restored to the new exec.
