+++
title = "Minnits - 30th May 2000"
date = "2000-05-30"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minnits-30th-may-2000-1474488865804/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

### Compsoc Exec Minnits

#### 30th May 2000

#### Attended

  - Chris Smith
  - Phil Ross
  - Barry Boden
  - Andy Rudnicki
  - Ryan Cullen
  - Chris Salmon
  - Jake Staines

#### Contents

  - Laserquest
  - Alton Towers
  - Compsoc Description
  - Membership Cards
  - Extra Time At Gaming Sessions
  - Open Source Project
  - Magazine
  - Headphones
  - Zippy’s
  - Locker
  - Screenshots
  - CS Tourney
  - Science Ball

#### 1\. Laserquest

Chris Salmon to mail other societies about possible Laserquest challenges.

#### 2\. Alton Towers

Chris Smith to mail society to generate interest in Alton Towers trip. Again.

#### 3\. Compsoc Description

Chris Salmon to write a description of Compsoc for the union site.

#### 4\. Membership Cards

Ryan Cullen to investigate possibilities for Membership cards.

#### 5\. Extra Time At Gaming Sessions

Chris Smith successfully managed to mail ITS about Gaming Sessions. Has yet to hear on extensions to time.

#### 6\. Open Source Project

Chris Smith suggested holding off on the Open Source project until the week 9/week 10 weekend. There was a chorus of ’aye’s.

#### 7\. Magazine

Chris Smith decided to mail the society to alert them to the presence of an issue of ‘PC Format’ in the DCS pigeonhole.

#### 8\. Headphones

Chris Salmon successfully procured 5 pairs of headphones (from Argos) for use at Gaming Sessions. Use to start this Friday. (June 2nd)

#### 9\. Zippy’s

Carried Forward - cannot book until Week 9.

#### 10\. Locker

Carried Forward - to obtain a locker for next year.

#### 11\. Screenshots

‘Someone’ to mentions screenshots on friday. Prize undecided. Schism between the ‘£10 of stuff from the student shop’ faction (Headed by Chris Salmon) and the ‘£10 of Bubble Wrap from the Student Shop’ faction (Headed by Chris Smith).

#### 12\. CS Tourney

Provisionally moved from it’s provisional time of week 5 to a new provisional time of week 4.

#### 13\. Science Ball

Ryan says previous response was good, to mail again.
