+++
title = "Minutes - 26 April 2003"
date = "2003-04-26"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-26-april-2003-1474488878518/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

### Compsoc Exec Minutes

#### 26 April 2003

#### Present

  - David Buckley
  - Sadiq Jaffer
  - James Ross
  - Euan MacGregor
  - Richard Wilson
  - Christian Bates
  - Phil Stoneman
  - Christopher Boyle

#### Society Jobs

  - SciFi now have mailing lists.
  - Conservatives have a website.
  - Liberal Democrats applied for hosting, and have been contacted, but they have not responded at this time.

#### LAN

Lan has been booked, now needs advertising (see below). To make things a little tidier, we plan to attach some of the inter-table cabling to the ceiling (the rooms have a false ceiling). This requires us to ask for permission, so Christian and Sadiq are to ask the person who gave us permission to take power up from downstairs. Henry still has the Compsoc switches.

#### LUG

Social on Wednesday. In order to get more turn out, Christopher is to contact people to organise talks. Currently on this list is Alan Cox.

#### Perl tutorials

First tutorial to be on the Wednesday after the LAN. Room and time to be confirmed.

#### End of term socials

Two main events: the barbeque and the BFL. Currently plan to hold the barbeque on Sunday 22nd June in the afternoon, and then start the BFL straight afterwards. The BFL to then run until the Thursday (26th). Currently need to find the equipment used for the barbeque last year and book the rooms for the BFL.
