+++
title = "Minutes 2019-02-28"
date = "2019-02-28T17:13:00Z"

[extra]
original = "https://uwcs.co.uk/news/minutes-2019-02-28/"    
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

<p>The minutes for our meeting on the 28th of February.</p>

<!-- more -->

## Attendance

PresentDavid I, David II, Sam, John, Toby, Ryan, Dan, Rob, Scott, Amelie

## Minutes

### Next Term

  - Everyone has exams\! We run fewer events in term 3 for this reason.
  - We are running:
      - Pubs
      - Gamings
      - BFL
  - We're also running an AI BattleBots Hackathon thing. More details to follow, still liaising with Microsoft about this.
  - We also want to run LaserTag with Tabletop next term. Scott to arrange.

#### BFL

  - BFL will only be 5 days. We couldn't book LIB2.

#### Publicity

  - Banners are being done by Dan. We want to get them by the start of Term 3.
  - BFL promotion to go out around Week 3 of next term.
  - Talking to Warwick AV Services / other video production company to take video at BFL for next year.
  - Want to partner with Esports again this year.
  - Want to run Esports competitions during the event.
  - Want to run a Fireside Gathering pre-BFL in order to run one with bonuses during BFL.

#### WASD

  - WASD is not soon. We should start thinking about it though.
  - WASD is being run "in collaboration with" David I and Jai, the two
    who have taken a lead in organising it in the past but who are no longer
    exec.
  - Now have a WASD Discord.
  - Public landing page for next year.
  - Plan is to start asking for runners in July/August, finalise lineup in September/October.

### Gaming

  - Need to consider appointing Gaming officers.
  - Steam is now working\! Thanks be to Rob. Good jobert, Robert.
  - Build a DRM-free game library?
  - Go-go-gadget gaming-get\! Let's re-implement it soon.

### AOB

#### Handover

  - Current exec are preparing handover documents for the new exec.

#### Clothing Order

  - Being sent out soon - will close last day of term and ordered over Easter.

#### Socials

  - Creams is tomorrow\!
  - End of Term Meal is next next Friday\!
  - Probably one Pop next term.

#### Administrative

  - Reclaimeth the cupboard\!
  - Laudeth the BCS Student Chapter\!

## Quotes

David I - "He will pull out… the knife."

## Todos

Old exec - Make handover packs for your successors.  
Sam - Organise Exec Sheet filling in.  
Sam - Get John card access.  
Sam - Look into MLH.

