+++
title = "Taskmaster Meeting Minutes (31/10/2023)"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Discussing plan for Taskmaster event

<!-- more -->

## Attendance
- Mat
- Ivan
- Morgan
- Shivani
- Josh R.
- Samit
- Serene

## AGENDA I: Themes
- Keegan’s stuff
- Think of possible theme for tasks maybe

## AGENDA II: Tasks
- Mostly based in one room
- 6-8 tasks
- James Archbold as task master ⇒ no sadly
- Mat as taskmaster? + Icen if agrees
- **TO DO:** _watch taskmaster_
- **TO DO:** _January 7th have task list finalized_
- Goose selfie task ⇐ initial task
- **TO DO:** _post initial task before winter break with taskmaster announcement_

## AGENDA III: Venue + Timing
- January 17th, week 2, 2pm to 5pm (provisionally)
- Book MSB room
- 3 pound 90 per team ⇒ one task
- Teams of 4 to 5 people

## AGENDA IV: Promotion
- Group people into teams if they don’t have
- Register teams
- Put form on link tree for signing up in teams/individually
- January 7th have link in link tree and make insta post
- Put at beginning of winter break some key events so people make teams beforehand
- Discord announcement for both of these as well
  - Taskmaster channel in discord

## AGENDA VI: Tech
- Not going to be streamed because people might be uncomfortable and not good quality
- Will take photos
